You know what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress up as a farmer or a leather clothes, and never nobody has chosen an agriculture.
Today I'm here to talk to you about circles and epiphess.
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that you fall somewhere else.
You just have to turn back to the apple to see it as a computer.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Blogged.
It's the kind of complicated circle I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Steve, Ohio.
When they hit every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life when he allowed to get into the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
It had a pole, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California, -- found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the lady Pole who said, "I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that we have never met us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring up that man who I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to wake up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Clara.
And we went to see, we laughed, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we embed it, and we care about it and we commissioned their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to meet as a grown-up, he became a box of sensors, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circles had closed up, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was made in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I would save her of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today was talking a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first tables.
I was amazed.
My heart pounding, was made, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tables around me are around the water of the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that it was a snow of snow on another snow of snow year after year.
The tables are born when they fall out of the glaciers or they break the ice barriers apart.
Every single iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are denied to get up and they run up until the end, while others can't get it more and decline in a dramatic passion argument.
It's easy to think, when you see a champion, which are isolated and alone, as much as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a chip melts, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a eardrum melts, a shot releases rich fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I am approached to photograph these guys as if it was about the portraits of my ancestry, knowing that at these unique moments there exist in that way, and not going back in that way again.
It's not death when they melt, it's not an end, but a continuation of its way by the cycle of life.
Part of the ice that I photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The latest pictures I'd like to show you are from a tape that I photographed in Keithir, Greenland.
It's a little bit often really often to get a round name.
Here they are.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your timeline.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the boat has moved on the other side, and the man is there standing there.
This is a Guardian iceberg from Greenland.
It's water water about 120 or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every single baby. Okay.
So, two couples each.
I don't want them to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined by the X X chromosome.
And in the other case, the chromosome X is joined by the X crossing of the egg.
They both start and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my floor activity will make two roles.
In one of my roles -- I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a historian of training, and what I study in this case is the way people tackle anatomy -- -- -- -- of human bodies and animals, how body fluid, the idea of the body, what they have thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is an activist, as a definition of patients or as I say sometimes, impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working for example, for example, with smaller twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with environments, people much lower.
And I've been working with many cases of people with un-typical sex, individuals whose physical personality didn't fit on the male and female scans and female fires.
In general lines, we can call it intelligence.
The intelligence embraces many shapes.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in the male or female common form.
For example, it's the case of the individual with Christian X-ray -- which gene SRSA is from the chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the fetal life, that they become testing.
And then, in the fetal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of insensitive to the analogies.
So, there are high levels of testosterone but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typical female course.
When I birth, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until the puberty -- when it's growing up and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when somebody realizes that something is happening.
And after making them tests realize that rather than having ovaries and uterus actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's not really like that.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called surprised glands supermarket.
They're at the bottom of the body.
Sure glads produce analogies, the hormone of malage.
Most women like me consider a typical woman -- I don't know its crumber structure, I think it's a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to analogies.
We produce analogies and respond to the analogies.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the analogies than the woman born with testing that has the syndrome of insensitive to the analogies.
That's why sex is complicated -- not that the intelligence is in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way, they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a sea -- I had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, I had a life like a kid, and I just found that I had organizations and sert.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a press hyper-consumption.
I had the 20th chromosomes and on the course of the supermarket glands were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were massage, their brain was exposed to the typical mass component of the human component.
I was born with a child, nobody suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by the internal mentor, when the doctors found that in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intelligence.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what is known as obvious, and they have an ordinary tissue wrapped into testicular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies --  -- are ending -- systems, or seriously, they are subjected to normal surgery is not so that we can get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you join various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, allegedly being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A slightly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something pretty different, we have trouble with cancer.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born as two people within one body.
The latest case is last year with the South African Carter Sea -- it was placed in the trial of judgment in the International games of Berlin.
Many journalists called to wonder, "What are you going to do to determine if Casey Seven is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there are no such trials.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't make a sharp line between men and women, or between men and serious men and stressed women, we are all of us who take that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more you move into science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought they were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly with standard indigenous categories -- are much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows you.
As we see, we get into a screen land.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
So what are you going to be able to differ from them in just a few nuclear] nuclear] numbers?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that simple categories that we're doing probably are too simplistic that we are doing.
And we're looking at this in all the challenges of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights from the few photographs.
There are very heated discussions today -- maybe not in public -- but I know within medicine -- I know when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to go through this question of if someone was dead.
And as a lot of them put a feather in front of the nose, and if they were moving yet.
If I stopped moving you into it.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And, as a result, we need to face the dilemma of somebody else's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this explosion of categories could be brought to someone like me.
In politics I'm progressive, I tell people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it puts me nervous.
To tell that these categories are much more unstable.
Think about the point of view of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first of all, I have to admit that I'm a service of the Founding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexually, but they were great.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, that I found myself every so much looking at that music curved 17,862 and not by music, which is completely false.
It's why it happened in 177 with the Founding parents.
The Founding fathers were, for me, the first activist activists and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, as everybody remember, what we rejected our Founding fathers was the idea of the monkey. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of the birth of the birth.
They had the blue blood concept.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power on the right of the blood transportation to the father and then the son, etc.
The Founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game of play and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomic differences, that was very radical.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an enlightenment.
He was managing democracy, and at the same time he was born science.
And it's very clear, if you look at the history of the Founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were being distracted from supernatural explanations and so they rejected the concept of sustainable power transmitted by a value of birth right.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence -- talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence they were transferring us the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And in doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeed.
Then he came up with the Civil Rights movement success with people from the Sweeney Treatment Calmotous, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men on the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, color people who appealed to the academic consideration about the anatomic difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at conditions we have to start asking why we keep certain dinosaurs.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divide in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we had to say to anatomy.
I don't want to say that five years old, they had to allow them to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomical division for me to make sense and that I think we should maintain ourselves.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two concepts at the beginning of this talk.
We have two things, both conceived in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
So let's imagine one of them, Mary was born three months prior to time, July 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of March in March in 1980.
For the only fact that I had been born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born.
We find other rates in relationship to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- though I haven't told you if it's 2, in virtue of being considered man now is possible for the mandatory proposition that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary for its part, it doesn't have the same rights to same-sex marriage in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science moves so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a market-based democracy could decrease?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escape.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is sort of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosomes and that to marry a woman needs to be chromosomes Y.
Now, in practice doesn't make any rewards to people.
But this is also very strange as a story that I told the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome to the analogies.
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I'm going to drive a solution.
It says that we should judge people based not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond anatomy.
And I mean, "Yeah, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do people judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure we should be based on this to ensure the rights to people, because I have to admit that I know some governments that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that perhaps some languages that I know can make more informed decisions, smart and maps on their sexual relationships than people from 40 that I know.
So how do you put the issue of the content of care?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of one person could in the future will be measured with an instrument, perhaps with a magnetic resonance ...
Do we really want to get at that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to go through this kind of thinking about democracy.
We have done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live for example, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is suspected to be killed unless she's willing to join a sex change, in which case they allow him to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of symmetries that had been dreamed and then separate them and so forth.
But when on the phone, I asked the reason for the operation -- I was a very risky operation, he told me that in that other country, these kids would be very battered and therefore had to do it.
I said, "Well, has you considered the political size rather than the service security?
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we need to be on the head.
Well, to finish up I mean, I've been talking about the parents.
And I want to think about how democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we had given greater participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and it's that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical techniques, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in the way of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about the cultural studies is that women, on average, not all of us, but in average, tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in grad graduate -- one of my advisers I knew that I was interested in feminism -- and I was considered feminist -- I made a strange plane.
"Tell me what the female feature.
And I thought, "It's the dumbest question I've heard.
Feminism has to do with unpicking gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the female?
But the more I've been thinking about the question, the more it seems to me that there is something female in feminism, too.
That is, there could be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very willing to find a way to protect people by part of the state, it's possible that, if we have injected more mothers to this concept, perhaps we would have enriched the concept of protection with the superconductor support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy. Think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So while we try to create a more perfect bond, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to reconsider how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go live and work, he has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily surrender the world, perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if they've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments are already ownership and that at the other half would be missing to do it.
They could try and increase the ability to do exciting in all existing buildings.
But you know the problem that you will face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those employees.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building -- always and when the standards of that place facilitate construction rather than putting them in.
So I proposed that governments create new reform zones big enough to contain cities and gave them a name, cities underground.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, Japanese and October were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 Indians would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same stuff in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras.
In the next regular elections, Pete Long was introduced by a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked October to be his boss of catch.
Meanwhile, I was preparing myself to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of performance, trial and error, and a lot of tests with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of normal, like those rules that say you can't go and annoy all the current apartments of apartment.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies and of rules to progress. And it's usually the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
He showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's put it to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable the cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- look -- land that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a cause, October said, "Paul said, "Maybe we could see the video of TED.
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a city under status is a place where it starts with team landscapes, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go or live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras. He called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country forward.
I was asked to go to Helicon and talk about new four and five pounds.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denement and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denem.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the conditions that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measured at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applaud contradicted.
The face faces were very serious and attacked.
The Congress leader approached the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this here in my computer."
So I sat up and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could go to be in DNA, rather than hundreds of miles away from the North.
And it also included new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the DNA government would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them to establish and make the norms of the status -- so that everybody could trust that the status effectively occurred.
And we went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily fit a thousand square miles.
And soon later, the 19th of January voted in Congress to encourage their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special development regions.
In a country that just moved through this painful, paralyzerb crisis, the voting in Congress to favor this constitutional sense was from 12 to one.
All the parties -- all the facets in society, was arrested.
To include the constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
On February 17, again in another vote, from 1994 to one.
Immediately after voting -- 21 to 24 of February, a delight of about 30 Commandments went to the two places in the world who are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new new center of the city that's building in South Korea, and it's larger than the Boston Center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come in, and at the time it would allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allowing his Court Court to be the last large court for this new criminal system.
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know they've already solved is that they have a good number of helpful.
There are many companies that want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately.
There are one million per year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to their family to get a job, sometimes the single mothers who have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothing.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are children who are trying to meet with their parents that you haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to be thinking about building a new city in DNA?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What seems to be thinking about insisting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residence?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Indian friends asked me to say, "Thank you."
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to do a public conference, and it's like, live obsessed with the tails.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photographing and publish in my blog and air suits, colors and different for every time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of pollen markets and second-line shops.
Oh, thank you.
The second-line stores allow me to reduce the impact of my flu in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know interesting people, usually my money is going to a good cause, and my aspect is unique -- and buying it becomes my personal search for testing.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It's going to be from my scale?
Am I going to love color.
I'll cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I planned for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring somebody who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven indoor pairs and nothing else.
In the inner underwear for exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because you don't know me as the woman walking through TED in inner underwear,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the set for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I would believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can always see you phenomenal.
All the whole, including the jacket, cost me 55 -- and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday, color is power.
It's almost physically impossible to be from bad humor, when you're seeing a brilliant red painting.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars -- integral integration.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself, and at the same time to get into the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surrounded you, you don't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Microscope." Good at the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the desktops, or I remind you to their little age of seven years.
I like to smile you and say, "Thank you.
Jones: The trust is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there are no look that you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for any of this audience.
We should be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Venture: A universal truth six words for you: Delated lentils go with everything.
And finally, I said, "I will develop a personal style of its own and only a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it again and again when people approached me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to give you emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another mad suit, colorful, shining waiting for me, if there's a little love in my heart and I look for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive.
So if we use a scale to measure the application of every hemisphere -- we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical to it.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you place your brain in this scale?
Some of them would opt by one of these extremes, but I think for most of the intenses of this audience, their brain is something that -- with a great attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most other quantum physical physicists need a lot of logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We can play with them, and then we see how they react. And then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
One intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, you developed.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
He was a little kid and he didn't do it very well, he always fell away.
But I bet that the play with that parking barrier taught a valuable lesson -- and is that big things don't allow them to pass them up, and they stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of things really rare -- because they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it a theory of quantum mechanics.
So at that point, the physics was a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But we didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, I never saw a particle before.
But it didn't really fit my logical part.
Because if it's all made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why I was a few years ago, I was proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical proposition.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we do a good deal with the little metal process.
What we see is a little bit of metal, a form of transplant, and it stands out on a platform.
And so I did this almost in the same way that you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this vent show with a swimming pile that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I am in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up and stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually, freaked up.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of travel of inanimate objects are not only people, it's also the light that shines and the wind that happens on their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal little metal to agree on quantum mechanics, we would have to explore all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights off, then we introduced a spinning and we spread all the air up, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, when it's just on the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as he wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found it move in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating. And the way that I was vibrating was like a breath like this -- as a force that's expanding and contract.
And by giving you a punishment pushed up, we were able to make it vibration and not vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrating thing and not vibrating at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are still still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in determines when those are aligned.
In the rest of the time they're decline.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting into a clean room to do this for all of those years, because you see this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part I'm talking about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was declined in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and looked inside the box, we saw that metal was still there in one piece of piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator actually are only quantum objects that are simply made in a small space.
You hear a lot about how quantum quantum means that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amith ...
And 18 months ago, I did another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it to it.
It took me 18 months and it took me.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is just explaining in this slide, and this is access.
I grew up in India.
I go from a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I began to learn a lot.
And working on Google, trying to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started to do it.
Better than showing the demo for then explaining a couple of interesting things that we have carried on from their launch.
So, just let's go to Google.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the Uprinding Gallery -- MoMA, the Emphone, the Rapalson, the Gabby Google.
I actually go into one of my favorites to Metric, the art museum in New York City.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and sheet, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay, or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you diverge.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We open up the top, and with a single click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They go forward. They are diverged.
Explorer.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Harvard Bushes Confluctions."
I see the B sign.
If the museum shows the image, we click there.
See, this is one of the images.
Here's all of the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the digital technology.
So this image, for example, contains it, I think, about 10 billion peaks.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 pounds?
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 pounds.
It can run around a very simple way.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression.
But if you really want to do it.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting."
I went into and found that children were actually playing something in it.
I went up a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metal, and I actually found that this is a game called "completely -- which is hitting a hole with a stick, the Mars Sea.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get deeper even deeper and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to pull the image, so you see what there is.
Here's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we go quickly to jump over to MoMA in New York City.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night night."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pins?
And if you want to see how Google is actually created this masterpieces the market?
He gets it up, and it really does it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The night star." I think I'd never seen it before.
I'll show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are lots of things over here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool. It's called "Collapses."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manner, that gives the same.
You can online, create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go in, -- I've created this function that I call "The power of the Book, we just did a bomb around it.
It's about "The Americans at the National Gallery of London.
You can do things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpiece work.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is, all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe it shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium makes your artwork. And it's represented properly online.
And the big question they do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good evening.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a picture, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this photo, I'm from Italian origin, all children in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their dorm -- but the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting about Formula 1 in the last two decades.
And so, sometime ago, if you wanted to win a factory of Formula 1 to take a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
If the car and the pilot were good, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called the real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and a heart.
What's interesting today is that real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered by networks and electronic conditions.
They're getting computers back to the open air.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected.
To address cities is a big thing.
As an aside, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex on the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and up to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with the cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond the cities, all these detectors and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paul Android for late year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The "Tomorrow "To "Me."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and actives.
And that's changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo sculped the Moses -- he said that at the end he took the hammer, and he brought it to the Moses -- he can still see a little dent underneath it, and he said screaming, "Do you say "Dear?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples: insisting on the idea of capturing the environment and action.
Let's start with the detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer of sure in 2006.
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup, in Italy.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of Nigeria, he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happening in the net.
Here we see the city.
You see the collision in the middle and the Tortand River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
For the early evening there are people over here, and there we call them, moving around.
It starts the party. Silence begins.
Gold de Italy.
Entrepreneur. People do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regulating time.
First extra time, second.
Zinosaurus, and at a time, the head.
Win Italy, yeah.
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center at the center of the winning team and the first minister of the time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the picture of the place called Cyrus Massachuse, where, from the Roman period, people are going to celebrate, it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
The other quick example of detection, it's not about people, but of things we use and consume things.
Today we know everything about our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they numb.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small tags, to track the trash in its mating for the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little over a year ago, to label what they were broken, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that anyway.
And then we put a little chip a little chip, an tags, to the garbage, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
Stop from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many initiatives in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
There are complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup.
That if the bottle of plastic we take one day still still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague, Missistic Biomeachness, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is acting about the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Randant.
It all started with a question from the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology, will add to that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a sign and volumes, solar valve valves.
It's created as a water stream, with water pixels.
If you get the pixels you can write in them, you can show patterns, images, texts.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Belled Mayor all along.
He liked a lot of it.
And I want a commission to design the building to the expert of the Experiment.
We call it the Digital Water Pakistan.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows. But when you zoom up, it opens up so you can happen.
The roof is also covered by water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the self-down, it goes down.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like this case.
Those days there will always be someone in the winter, when the roof goes down, someone who was there and said, "Decendable the building.
No, it's not that you have deleted it, but when you go down almost all the architecture, it disappears.
Here it is in work.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to not move the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Sandy came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it happen, but a building that kept doing cortex and water holes and you had to jump out to be wet.
(Audience point, and for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of use that people will give our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels, the poles of water, and projects about them.
And this is what led us to thinking about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopter in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, moving with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels of it.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a 3D cloud cloud to the one that you can zoom in, and go through and see from very different angles.
This is the real collapsed Florida, going down to a Venezuela, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boloce -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the New York Metropolitan star in New York and the Milo Silence, to capture its 3D movements and use them as input for the Florida.
So here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much divorced 3D in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and robotics.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Flicer.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as well as a crowder of clouds -- like a gravity cross, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could get everybody to donate a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we move from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is showing you, we can move from the digital world, from the power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do we go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud again, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered poles.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from below, it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics.
So it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something you can go up, as a new summit of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital burden at night, but most importantly, it's going to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I told you, with just some change in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in better ways, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure to themselves?
How about living with good health?
Or maybe it's about those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
Audience: Creativity. Creativity creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
Some of you probably got to the number of people who are creative.
That's very good.
How many would choose the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about level?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of these the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or may it be possible?
Evolution has been a single issue here at the TED Conference -- but today I want to give you a doctor of a doctor on the subject.
The great geneticist of the 20th century, TED Center, Horn who also came in the British Church Russian, wrote a essay called "Not Biology makes sense except to the light of evolution.
But if they actually accept biological evolution consider this: it's just about the past, or the future?
Is it mean to the other or to us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an end, it's clear, the one that interests us.
We go from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years.
In the interface there has been perhaps 20 or 25 different species of homes.
Some have gone and back.
We have been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we are very far away from other parts of this tree in life, but actually, in most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetic]?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein chemically indigenous, which comes out of the pancreas of the pancreas coming out.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all take the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damas are putting out of the copionally.
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria.
It's warm -- dark. Hameter, it's very record.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without any effort of their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the cover.
But for others, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future leave us?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast underlying of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and only companies, and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I came up with college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-cell organisms, every cell simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two red cells.
But when the multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes released.
In fact, one could say that the inevitability of death in the body comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to trust you that when I was a university student, I thought, well, sex, sex death, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, I had more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Bureau, who was still in Las Vegas well in their 90s.
And one night someone hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him is a magnificent piece of clothes.
He looks at it and he says, "Come for a sex sandwich."
"It says, "Well, George says, "I choose the soul."
I realized, as a doctor, I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradictor, just different.
He was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is going to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point you and I are as a reform rockets designed to send genetic load to the next orbital level and then let the sea fall down.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen was like, "I don't want to achieve immortality.
I want to do it not die."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or the stronger or the faster or the faster and not even the smartest one.
Evolution favors better creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
On the bottom of the ocean the balance translated that they can survive the heat of the farmers that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked -- yet they've managed to do that a recovered environment.
So, what this means is, when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look forward to the next phase, I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is we don't evolve.
We have reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that would have been dismissed.
And second, as a species, we've built our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrated ourselves, and we connect so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation needed to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, naturally taxes by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution roll slowly, but they're inexpected.
And on the anticipation, when as a species we colonize distant planets are going to be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility, an attractive possibility and intrinsicated possibility.
It's called the release, new evolution, which is not simply natural but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions that we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more varieties than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen to individual and family.
Think also that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring.
What if we could do genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the applause?
Would you not want to make those changes in your genes.
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it was 13 years old.
It cost 7,000 million dollars.
The next year of ending up in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost close to the 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot to do the human genome for 10,000 and being increasingly aware of all.
Those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us out of themselves, but they're going to communicate against other viruses.
Believe or there is not an experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine vaccine in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today, and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can the cells change their bodies, but if they could change the cells in their decline?
What if you could change the sperm and the valleys, or change the recently food flight, and give their kids a better chance of a healthier life, eliminate diabetes, eliminate the helicopter, reduce cancer risk.
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same motor of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to enable us to also embrace specialists -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifers especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Water machine.
Why not have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be free.
And when we are in conditions to pass this to the next generation and we could adopt the attributes that we want to have transformed the evolution of before in the revolution.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to be before.
We're going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered.
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniformity or more robust and more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about all: Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions.
For good or evil, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine an engine making class, click, clay.
Class, click, click, click. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting at DNA.
It was the only one I could talk with the flight assistance.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said, "There is no problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot lined the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
The motors.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
Three more delicated words I've heard.
He said, "Do you prepare for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistance.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life came over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to come and I didn't do, all the fences I wanted to do, all the experiences I wanted to have and never have.
As I thought about that more ahead, I came up with a sentence, which is, "College walkers."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'll open it.
I don't want to play anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we were avoiding the George Washington Bridge -- which was not for a lot -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a great hope.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes. I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity also gave my ego.
And then the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to be right. Choice will be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock is going down, "15, 14, 10."
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please fly.
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, God, dying doesn't give fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for all of our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness is framed in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent.  And scream.
And to me, that was all the reason to be in the world.
At that point I understood those two points, the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
So above all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I got a miracle of not dying that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and living in other ways.
You're flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in their plane -- and please not be so -- but imagine, and how would they change?
What would you do, you still wait to do because you think they're going to live forever.
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that you can.
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the largest grandmothers in the 80s.
One day he came home after he ran and said, "Dad, I feel an army in the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Temple has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
Her job influences me.
I have a design firm and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony to Pakistan, TED, and their cause.
So I went and reunited with her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him."
And his brother said, "Just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he can be able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, not that I saw Stephen Hawking: isn't all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you get someone important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people.
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?"
Anybody see the movie "The Craig and the magnificence?
They communicate in that way -- they go through the finger.
I said, "That's artist. How can it be?"
So I introduced myself with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead that I signed up a sign that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I was engaged with his brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the thing: Tony is going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way so that it comes back to their art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner can't communicate.
So I spoke at a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Green Grandma, who have a technology that allows them to project light on any surface and then, with a laser wand, draw about that and register negative space.
So they go around doing art installation like this.
All the things that come out, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, after the Bush attacks, and at the end, people start doing art.
But there was always a cycle of life in its presentation.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much to move things from one side to the other had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that PMS could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking for a machine.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call it Chinese because when you talk to the guy you get an email from him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world -- literally, from all the corner corners, to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved back to the back and these hackers and programmers and consentiness and anthropolocist took control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid and that when we returned would have taken the frames of the walls and in their place there would be graffiti square.
But for two weeks, we went to the sea of Venice, my son was part of my dog, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called English Scruber, Nobela.
It's a couple of cheap gallons that we buy on the sea of Venice Beach, some copper wire and things from Homo Department and Radio Shakespeare.
We take a PISA camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there is a device that is free -- it builds yourself -- we publish the free code -- software goes down in a free way.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There is no insurance company.
No hospital can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDTalks room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's their room.
There was all this balance and approach during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and is looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking parking wall.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and they would imagine what the feeling was in parking lots.
The funny thing was we had to break in the parking lot, so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this he gave us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came up to rescue me and grabbed me out there so I could breathe."
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war failure.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a Magic Screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We have gained a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong took something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up to close the circle -- is that in April this year in the Gulf of McDonald's in downtown Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "The Art in the Streets."
And "Art in the streets is going to have the best experts of the Buddhist art, Shanghai Farrer, CO2 -- all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show, which is quite awesome.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the scenario, the computer, the microphone, the Scrapher, nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible, anything like this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with technology of economist -- I just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people so that we could make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want everybody to do every day when we find something that we feel that you have to do. If it's not now, where, and if I'm not me, who?"
Thank you guys.
I have spent the last few years being done in really very difficult situations and at the same time as dangerous.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked on a coal mine.
He filmed in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at first, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been emerging in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are going to be appealing, interesting, and, hopefully analyze them in a way that they see entertained and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands.
So some may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took an airplane in Earth.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered in sale the rights of my 2020 TEDTalk.
What had been the following: "American Sun presented, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and content. I could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it.
But I said this, it's a very good medieval opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks."
Thank you.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that salary, I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, about advertising.
And as I said before, I've been stuck in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the room with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Spartanton: I want to make a film that deals with product pollution and marketing and advertising, and that all of the film is funded with production of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call the largest movie ever sell."
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold is that all of the top down to the end of the beginning has magnetic images, all the time, from the aspiration that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Common Standard, the State Center.
These people will look at the film to perception, forever.
And so the film explores all this idea.  (Music Kaloni, it's reduction. Is it release. MK: Is it redundant. Is it released.
I am a remotely pleased person. MK: I just say that. It was more for smaller.
It was "Party." It was "Particle."
But we're not just going to have the park of the X brand in the title.
Maybe we sell a shoe and become the most great shoe you have used.
The most great car that you've been driving in "The largest movie ever sells, the best wheat you've been drinking -- the largest transport of "The largest seal.
Larry Kickey: The idea is then to show the brands as part of life, make them finance the film? MS: To make you finance the film. MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all of the film in the beginning end.
And I would love to help GPHIN help make it happen.
Robert Friedman, you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Girl: However, I don't know how a receiver is going to be people to that.
BC: You have a perspective. I don't know if it is very negative -- but you know how it's going to rely up?  David Cohen: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million. (Audience: All right. John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard the meeting with them, but no doubt is going to be worth convincing a couple big brands.
BC: Who knows, perhaps for the moment that the movie comes out of the movie look at us as a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia." Most of the answers will be not."
MS: But it's going to be hard to sell it, for the film or to be I?
JK: Both things.
MS:  means you're not very optimistic.
So they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Good. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go.
MS: I thought he came up with the camera, and we have a conversation outside of a microphone.
It turns out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the selective media scenario is not the idea to tell with that new piece of attention that is going to take the message to mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a graphic mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, not such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for transparency images in Google --   this is one of the first images that comes in.
I like your way to play, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free simulation of simulation or deception, easily detected or see: that it characterized by the visibility. or the access of information, especially in business practices, being the last line perhaps the largest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden, when it's about doing it reality something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still keeps playing.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risking."
It's going to eat a whole bunch of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father grabbed me in some lie -- and there he is watching me as he used to do it -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kimbo for many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take away the intermediary and go to companies myself.
So what I started to do suddenly suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start conversation with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films -- huge, giant and others who make small movies, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make a Hollywood movies make high Hollywood movies say that the reason why their films are so successful is due to the associated brands.
And then my friends make independent films say, "Well, how do we assume we're going to compete with these big, giant Hollywood films, Holiday.
And the movie is called "The largest movie ever selled."
How are we going to see Baija in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my biofuel, you'll see the dense Bang.
At any point during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you fine fresh for this interview interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there I would offer one of these fabulous weapons.
Both Foreul Forest, as "The Pertical Siers, are going to have their chance.
We're going to have so much for man and for woman, solid, forest, in mud, as it was.
That's the general look.
I can now answer your questions and give you a permerson looking at it.
Karen Frank: We're a little brand.
It similar to the smallest type of movies that you said, we are more good at a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Bang to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words were used to describe Bangalore?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Volunteer: Twenty.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits of it.
Man: Let's talk about something audacious, cool.
I think freezes. It's a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus clock and surface.
It keeps you.
How do we keep you fresh longer time? With better braking, more fried, three times as cool.
Things like those who come out of benefit.
MS: And that's a multi-marketplace company.
What about me? What about a common guy."
I need to talk to the man in the street, to people like me, to the common Peps.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: Mmm, my market?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: Revealing the 1980s, particular panel unless it is a landmine.
MS: It's okay, okay, what is Grandma Grandma?
Greenland." Something unique.  (Music: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark lamp.
I like the dark colors so many gray colors and so many things like that.
Usually I take access as sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conventional, Merced Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I'm going to call it casual flight."
Woman 2: In part hippie in a part of pool, in part of Brian girl, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of prison.
I sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Federal because I hold the market.
Man 5: Scholar Markin failure.
Is that anything?
Alexander. I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand to be brand, but I often classified myself in the intersection of dark glamour and called called called a called shirt.
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the market personality.
And I found a company called Olympic Zalmatic in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Sebulence, February, Hallassie to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Albouth." You bring photos out, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feel your way of being.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me of that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live, like the people around you, your friends, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things originated and start in a place and start in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "The best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me the "Well, what does that do?
What's the male? What are you supposed to do now?
Why is it important? What's the red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
It's not who you are.
What other metaphorically did you have?
You don't have to fear -- what kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Okay."  Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience, (Music: Great job. A: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all this.
Linda Zalmatic: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complexity, in your brand personality, the brand Morgan Spanish is a conscious brand.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's the human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- avoid fear -- those elements and you actually give them a chaotic and you make something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is classic and Apple.
And you can look at Tatania, Win, minister of Mini Cooper and Jeperity.
Now there are legal marks and conscious markings -- those things that have gone and forth, but a police framework is something pretty powerful.
MS: A police market. What's your mark?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you an antidepressant attack. Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you more good at a decreased attack?
A little bit more calm, researcher, conservative.
The killer attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the Prince, contemporary -- adventurers, air or bold like "Brain Floor, quickly or gay, dominance, dominance, magic, magic as Gandhi.
Or are you rather right about attack distance?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like CCR: Suspended.
You are structured, traditional provider, prototype, prototype, you identify the Optory?
Are you reliable, stable, family, confident, safe, safe, confined or wise like the Dalai Lama or Code?
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies, passwords and descended -- they said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want anything to do with this movie, mainly because they didn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the end product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing and fish.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned free air advertising.
In the entire city for the last five years, there are no careers, there are no cards, no wheels, nothing.
And we went to school districts in which companies are doing a path in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The incredible thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones that I've been more successful are those ones that I've interacted with a straight thing.
And that's what these markets.
They took the interests, they took their agencies, and they said perhaps these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have gone? Have you succeeded out?
Well, since the movie is in the Swedish Festival of South, let's take a look.
According to Barbie the film are in January and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covered only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online, no press.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in stream.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talk about was advanced to their clients not to be a part.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, that in those risks.
I think when you get people out of that are pushing them to failure.
I believe that when you train your employees in the risk is preparing all of your company to get out of rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to me is we have to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to not be afraid of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, to move forward, I think we have to give it a place to fear.
We need to put that bear in a cage.
Let's hug fear. Let's embrace the risk.
From a condom at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And, ultimately, we need to align the transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We "Would take for my good friends from ECX who, by 77,000 bought the rights of the name in Earth.
EP: It turns big data into great opportunities for companies around the world.
ECX says, "We "Discover Transport.
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in behalf of transparency, that happened exactly with those 7,000?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a picture for the name of Matrania Matrania, the Sapling Foundation, a child for 72 to be applied to my TED status for the next year.
The idea behind the Andone computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the rise plant in National National Warmanies.
The gray boxes that you see are real time control systems.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and values, we can cause a lot of problems with cells.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer using an engineer to establish this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Abbusiness.
We started with a Windows.
The eye goes into the gray box, damages the cell, and the Iranian nuclear program is demanded, completely missing.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started investigating about Abbusiness six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is it's very, very complex in the Windows part -- the instructor used multiple vulnerability vulnerabilities.
It seemed like to do something with these gray, gray, control systems.
That was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Abbusiness, and we saw what happened to this.
So they got very strange things.
Abbusiness was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese, wave, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experiment with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a direct attack.
It's completely directly.
The installed is actually looking at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Abbusiness does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the target.
So we extracted and we downloaded the attack code, and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a little and a big one.
We also saw that they were extremely deeply armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I would attack for.
They probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard the installation of Andone is complex and high, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here's a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old shocked language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the system functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for sensors and data structures and tried to relate them to the real world, with objective potential goals.
We need theories about distortion that we can approve or deposit.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent superconduct, it has to be a valuable white white, and it's surely located in Iran, because that's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It's basically reduced to the Bush nuclear power plant.
So I told my assistant, "Take a list of all the experts in cells and energy plants between our clients.
He called them and he gave them an effort for putting their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital eye with rotor control.
The rotor is that cell part inside the cell, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you can certainly record it and even make the leak explode.
So what we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an obvious effort for getting crazy to the maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital eye looking very closely about data and structures.
So for example, the number 17 on that code, cannot be obvious.
I started investigating scientific literature about how these facilities are built in National and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall and every waterfall contains 160 cells.
That had sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These facilities in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stage.
And guess what we found in the advantage code.
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there was no melody -- it wasn't like this.
The results have been achieved after several weeks of hard work.
We normally ended up in random streets and we had to go back to it.
Yet, we found that both digital eyes were pointing to one and a goal, but from different angles.
The little girl is taking a waterfall. And by making the rockets turn the rockets and help them, and the big eye communicates with six seeds and manipulating valves.
In addition, we're very confident that we have determined what the distribute is.
It's National, and it's just National.
We shouldn't worry about other targets being reached by Andone.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and then you see the cells.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values for example, for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate, which still fits during the attack, with fake input data.
And, believe or not, these fake input data are asked by Abbusiness.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security camera feed from a presentation video.
Is it great there?
The idea here is obviously not just to force the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and a very astronomer.
The idea is to force a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act rapidly.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine goes through speed, you have to open up spacecraft valves.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed together, they can pass bad things.
The plant can explode.
And the operating system or the security system will notice it.
That scares up.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do -- specifically, with centrifuge.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automobile factory.
It's genetics.
And you don't have -- and you have to disappoint this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Antraxaston.
You can also use conventional technology technology to disappointed it.
I'm going to do it most possible.
And if you did that, what you would end up with is a massive destruction cyber cyber central.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We should face the consequences, and better we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been done in many sides that people assume that the Museum is the main entity.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langladered really want to hear this?
Yes.
My opinion is that the Moscon is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber survival.
There is one single one, and it's the United States, luckily, luckily America.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even higher.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Rapkan.
I want you to imagine a robot that can take you and give you sustainable skills or another one that makes you use chairs of wheels to wake up and walk.
In Berkeley Bigsonos, we call these robots, extraordinaries.
They're not anything different from something that gets in the morning -- gives you a great force -- that you also increase your speed and help you, for example, to manage the balance.
It's actually the true integration of the man and the machine.
But not just that -- they can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not an unreal idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier that, on average, has to take a 30-year-old load of charges and it's demanding to take even more equipment.
Obviously this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage of back.
We decided to take this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the HIV/AIDS.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can run 90 pounds on variable land for many hours.
Your flexible design, allows you to put in circles to drag and execute movements with great agility movement.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my force and my resistance.
Erik Benoton: We're ready, with our industrial society, to produce this appliance, this new exoskeleton -- this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So let's go back now to the users of wheelchair, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the wheelchair around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the verbal column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years old, collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that is rapidly multidelliged.
His only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complexity -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so for the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the Elephants who are using Amanda Bush who was 19 years ago, he had a lesion in the vertebrate column, and as a result couldn't go back to walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Blogger: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our Else, which I mentioned.
It's got a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer from bomb, here on the back.
There are also some batteries that give energy to the motors in the hip, and in the knees, and they do it with this swimming and very natural stick.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump out in the air, skiing it down a paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and every movement of the pelvis.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital and he said, "Lama, you'll never walk.
That was 19 years ago.
So it stole me to the last ounce of hope of my being.
The adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to get rid down on the shorther, to climb rocks and even riding in biology by hand.
But they've never invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amanda and all the users of wheelchair -- all of them.
AB: Thank you.
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton -- practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where the fun is serious.
And no, it's not the feature of the May Mandela or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobos flow bangs.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living kin.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big kinds of guys, terrorists, Bonobos society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence hasn't yet been observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the time itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been done by decades and caused almost so many deaths like the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
hunting meat and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonds that are left in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these commodity?
We know them as the apes "be loved by love, not the war, because they have a frequent sex -- proud and bisexual sex to manage conflicts and solve social problems.
I'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the Khmer Superconductor.
The Bonobo, as humans, they love playing throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and promote tolerance.
With him we learn how to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo, you see the evolutionary roots themselves from laughter, dance and human rituals.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you but I want to show you a couple of unique videos that are just taken from the wild.
First of all, it's a balloon game game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young man in the middle of a person.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "The hands of the balls."
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yes.
So sexual game is common both in Bonobos and humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to the game -- like the testes, and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is adoption.
The game is adoption, it can adopt a lot of shapes, some of which are more analyzed, imagination, curious, maybe the place where the amazing amputation.
And I want you to see -- this is Full, a young female man, who's playing with water to water.
I think that we sometimes play alone, and explore the limits of our inner and outdoor worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a wider and harder world that we have to adapt to a wider and more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, play is our administration reward.
To adapt successfully to a world that changes we have to play.
But let's take the maximum of our game capacity.
The game is not famous.
The game is essential.
For books and humans, life is not just cruel and unemployed.
When it looks at least appropriate play, they can be the moments in which it is the most urgent thing.
So for that, primaries we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscovered creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robert Homo.
When I'm not fighting poverty, it combines fires as a captain assistant in a body of voluntary firemen.
And in our city, where the volunteers combine a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the top of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still there was a career on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was stored in a conversation with the property that certainly passed one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the middle of night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paralysis, she saved, as her house was in flames.
The other voluntary that I had just arrived before me, and I got -- let's call it Lot Louillesthree --  I got first to the captain, and this was asked to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so shoot."
There was a lawyer or a gesture of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in a call to save a living self just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a plane.
He said, "Beautifulls, I need you to go into the house.
I need it to go up the fire, and I bring this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I came up the stairs at the end of the hall, and I went to the real firefighters that I was going to have that height, but they had finished to turn out the fire and went into the main room in search of a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my charge back down the ladder where I met my Nimos and the precious dog on the main door.
We took out of the house the treasures for home where, as it was to wait, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the owner of the house for the brave effort to save their home.
The kindness that she looked at the other thing was that somebody had reached him even a couple of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a voluntary framework I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from Thanksgiving and courage, in the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or are for doing remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't hope.
You don't wait for the first million to make a difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, you get it now.
They were serving food in a dining dining park for the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So they go into the game -- save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Beach." Thank you.
This may seem odd, but I'm a great admired of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1858 with a very simple idea: cement module cement modules that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things than we, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LED came up with this.
It was called autonomous self-assembly light.
And in a few years, LIGO bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridge, buildings or houses.
LED did it accessible.
LED simply adopted the concrete block, the favor in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick that were stacked together on each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much greater circuits and more complex, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Littles.
Let me show you how they work.
Littles are electronics every single one with a specific function.
They're rewarded to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they go together through magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the shelf, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make bigger circuits.
A blue with one green produces light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulating.
If we change the button by a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have a strange light.
We add this title to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Littles are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and sunlight, Littles allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it faster or slower, you just spin this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Litasters is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to come down to bricks ready to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We have given Littles to kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start understanding the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how it works a light of night, or why the door of an elevator keeps open or how an iPod responds to touch.
We have also led Littles to design schools.
So for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with Litasters as a material.
So here you can see, with bottles of paper and face, we have George create.
(Audience (Song (Audience:  A few weeks ago, we took Littles to the designer of Rhode Island, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a cannon.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a long plant made that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Littles became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So Littles have open source.
You can visit the web page, download all the design files and manufacture it.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interaction world, is ours.
So ahead and invent.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company sought to engage with the environment focusing on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge.
We can continue better we leave video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is there.
Oh, I am afraid of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to stop, we asked them to work on government.
The initiative was called Code for American, and they would be like a peace of peace for technologies.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the manufacturers.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild world.
They did big applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al Alex.
He's a helicopter in Boston.
Here's what it looks like if I look for a quote, but what you really find is someone clean it when it gets caught by the snow because it knows it's not very good at throwing fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for aid this significantly, so significantly.
Last year, we had a team of members of Code for America.
They were there in February, and at that time, it was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never clean these helicopters.
But one of the members called Erik Michaels noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice app where you can adopt a helicopter.
You accept cleaning it when you don't.
And when you do it, you put a name, in this case, you put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can rotate it.
I mean, it has a players' component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 adopting apps last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it stretches into viral form.
A responsible system of the city of Honey when you saw this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami services.
It's very important that these tsunami signs work, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why I ask citizens to control.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens wake up the seated charges.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they don't.
So now we know about nine cities that they plan to use.
And this has been spread without friction in an organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that of having done for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cut about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the judicial power of California that all the way has cost 20 million dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that you program in a couple of days, and it spread in a viral form is a kind of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the government better ways to work, not like the private companies, as many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather than the Internet.
That is, without restrictions in open and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents how to address the question of government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an ancient institution but as a problem of collective action.
And that's really good because it turns out we're really good at collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Code for American, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic apps every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel a big frustration before that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And it's that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line at DMR, and all those other things that put us crazy, the government is essentially in the words of Tim Rick words, "What we do together because we only can't.
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to relax, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government.
And because the government in the last few of us -- remember that from us, the people? The way we think about it affect how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government is going to choose people so that we can take charges.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is, especially question of ranges.
This is the center of the telephone and information phone care.
It's the place that we call if you make 117 in America.
Scott took this call.
I joined "Rainball in the office of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the doors of the house, put music good and see if it is going?
And it worked, so it worked.
But that wasn't the end of the rapes.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It's got an app and web and mobile.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the New York City Office October.
One day, this happened, really, comes up with this question: "Rainbo in my trash bucket -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it for the post?
The Cinamoro Congress dynamic is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Citizen Congo everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbors.
The next report said, "I go back to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zarmatic? Yes. Living? Yes.
He turned the cube. I went home.
Good night, leatherling forest.
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to help themselves and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
He connected two people.
And I could have connected to the government services of being needed but the neighbor is a better alternative, cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we make communities.
If we call animal control, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think one is the entrance of the other.
That our input to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we expect the government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 miles.
Below this is what we call burning.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt. It keeps that that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates on our against it, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People think politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work we need to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because it's where the real government works.
We need to collaborate with the governance machinery.
That makes the October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 350 pages in response to the set of the Sea (Cape -- on the financial reform.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have resigned to government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave to our kids.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get to where we need to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't predict government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act, it's only to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a generation greater than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about.
They can express their opinions in any channel, at the same time and do it.
So when the government problem doesn't care a lot to do their voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands on the work to program apps that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a helicopter, pulling weeds away, dumping a garbage cube that has a language inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those helicopters and many people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers -- not only are we consumers of government that we pay tax, and we get services.
We are more than that. We are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the presentations when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a value of voices, or also will we be a manual man?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prison, prisons and in the death runner.
I've spent most of my life in markets and projects and places where there's a lot of desperation.
And I'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus structures have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are saying here are impact around the world.
Sometimes if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
So here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a professor can make a lot of sense, but if you teach with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, but if it's carbon, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned about my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1854.
She was born about 1880 and her experience with slavery made the way the world looks like.
She was hard, but he was also amazing.
When I was little, and I looked at it, she came up with me and he gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was still.
One or two hours later, I went back to looking at it, and I came up and said, "Brian still feels my administration?
And if I told him, no, I would get out again, and if I said yes, I would leave myself in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of the 10.
Occasionally, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went into the room and there were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at her and smiled, but she was really serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, and she took me out of his hand and he said, "Come to James. The two are going to convert.
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside, and he said, "British," I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mom, Mamain."
She said, "Now thank you to do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, I looked at me and said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brian there."
I said, "Yeah, Mammo: Same: Mark."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want your mother."
AV: "She is my daughter, and you have to promise that always careers?
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do."
Then he told me, "The second I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is the difficult.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South -- I have a brother one year older and a sister one year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six-year-old package -- I don't know where I took them out and grabbed my sister and I went to the woods.
We just got to do the crazy ones.
He took a beer bag, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too.
I said, "No." I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? Take a beer.
And I got a little bit of force with force and said, "Oh, it's not going to be that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mamaine: Man."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mom, it tells all the grandchildren that are special."
I was delicious.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to spread up.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking is a virtue. I say it by the power that the identity is.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that really don't see any sense.
We can't get to do things that don't think they can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prey during production.
My uncle died.
And these were the things that we had to be able to engage with.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in parole.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it finds so much density, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black black bulbs between 18 and 30 is in prison or conditioned freedom.
In urban communities around the country, Los Angeles, Philippe, Baltimore Washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all color are in prison or parole.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a criminal system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not culture, but wealth.
And it seems to be very quiet.
The policy of fear and force makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're discovered.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you provide rights for always if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 24 percent of the black male population has lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss loss will be as close as it was before they passed the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
A lot of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it sits to 13-year-old children to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for kids, no possibility to go away.
Right now, we're in process of some liberals.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death race.
This issue of death death is interesting.
In some sense, have you taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for commercialized crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it: it's not about deciding if people deserve to die for the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in the United States is defined by mistake.
In every nine people executed -- it's identified one that is innocent that is extraordinary and released from the death race.
A risk rate -- wonder, an innocent from every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation is not allowed to have ever painful plant if every single nine who stopped you, you would have to be solved.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being linked.
I was worried about being bombing.
The threat of the terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people coming up to me and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talks -- I tell you Distance to the people who stop saying that in our history we did the first time with terrorism, after 11,000 111.
And they ask me to say, "No."
The age of terror, obviously, with security and decades of racial substance and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have done.
Every time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial security without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures on the death row.
It was fascinating, because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to hear what you say."
AV: We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will naturally never be able to have it here."
The room stood in silence, and a lady said, "There is no way with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that us, international and depressed, we would be able to execute people."
I think about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany is going to run people, especially if they were in their most Jews."
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be iraculable.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues -- the positive and wonderful things are yet involved.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are shadowed by suffering, abuse, deforestation, massive.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We just talk about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking about the poor, the presentations, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
We really have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
The development is not only about brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by heart conditions.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only in bright and dazzling but also in the dark and difficult.
Vaccine Harver, the great chicken leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering, we had all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness for being in the hope sites and being tested."
Well, that orientation for spirit is particularly in the heart of what I believe, that even in communities like TED, must be completed.
There's no disconnect that is related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty and exclusion.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer -- to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Alligator called me to say, "Britain, comes the lady Park. We're going to meet to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to us?"
He said, "Be ma'am, I do."
So she said, "Well, and what will you do when you come from?"
I said, "Listen, listen.
So I went and just heard them.
It was very pleasant, very limited.
And in one occasion I was there, listening to these ladies and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me and said, "Now Brian, tell me that it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the injustice.
We're trying to help the ones that have been wrongfully convicted.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the sentencing of life, no parole.
We're trying to do something about the death penalty thing.
We tried to reduce the population in prisons.
We tried to end up with the mass prisons.
And I gave him all my best speech, and when I ended up with me and he said, "Mr. mim mim: "Min."
And he said, "You will find sticker, very sticker.
At that time, Ms. Carlo came up, put my finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very but very valuable."
I think actually the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find a way to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humankind depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come up to understand and believe that each one of us is superior to the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a street.
Even if someone kills another one, it's not that it's a seated.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people that should be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very strange, it's not going to judge us by our technology, for our designs, not by our intellectual capacity or rational.
At the end you judge the character of a society -- not by the way they treat rich and powerful and privileged but for the way they treat poor people, connect them, prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly deep issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel self-developed. I'll end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too hard.
It was tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in a major way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of surface.
I'm going to prison and I see my age of 13 and 14 years old, who have been trained to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge become someone in what isn't it?
The judge was sponsored as adults, but I see a child.
A night too late I was willing to think about -- for God, if judges can become something that you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a model.
I had a 14-year-old client, a small, poor, black.
I started working in the mouth, with a deception that said, "Moore so that my 14-year-old black customer is treated as a 75 year-old private white white white white white white white condition.
In the engine I found that there had been an idea in accusation in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was an air line on how in this country there is no ethic but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking that machine insecure would be a dream, or really write it?
For my horror, not only had it reduced, but he had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- "Oh God, I have to go to the cutting for this stupid case.
I came up with the car and I felt truly blown, overwhelmed.
I went into the car in the counter.
I thought this would be very difficult and perfect.
Eventually, I got out of the car. I walked the court.
I was climbing up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man -- it was the counterpart condom.
When he saw me, he came up to me and he said, "Who's you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He replied, "Are you lawyer? I said yes.
So I got approached and hugged me.
And I was in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was planetary.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this headline mass?
I said, "Be Mr. I was me." And we started discussion.
People started coming up. They all were indigning.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
The police fisheries came along, the autonomous fisheries.
And suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all fun because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye, he got to see the conference he was going and came in.
I looked through the window and I had to hear all that fraction.
He kept walking up and over there.
Finally, this old black black, with the face of concern, came into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recent.
And during the disaster a space of the flag was shown offended because the county had entered the room.
The assistant was approached over the old black black brain.
And he said, "Jame, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood up standing, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "Come to this room of audience to tell this young girl who keeps her view on the goal with firm."
I have come today to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral arc in the universe is very big, but it folds up to justice.
That we cannot really be really human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the fraction, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of those of the presentations that share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target of firm.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your own purposes.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BC: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum that is going to be an effort in which a effort is going to be able to address the funds that are spending today.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases are not concentrated in arrest.
55 percent of the rapes don't get anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds are going to be destroyed to be able to take the law, to security.
I think there's a very close chance.
CA: There's been a huge decline in the crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you tell the ones you think is this?
Bess: Actually, the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable.
Great growth in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's by the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes into the coral population.
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to personalized chain, to steal a bicycle, for little crimes against property instead of making those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian you've been excited about here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow up the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Lock 2: Hammin in Somalia. Locked three -- the police gives permanent gas.
Lock 4: Cartonian five-looking.
Lock 6: Social decision. Social declined. Locked 75.
Lock 8: Alliance Nino: Locked 9: Cartons.
Several colonies. War the strategy. massive destruction. Tone.
Recently. Barning. Finling. Egypt. Egypt.
Crisis. Death: disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamonds, these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- they could just be the last six days or over the last six days.
The idea is that press means prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every single second of every day our senses get much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters us more than survive, the first stop of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amazing.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
India and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
That's why a dozen stories will prefer to look at the negative.
That old reference of the press, "If there's blood, sell, it's very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising we are perceptually.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes wrong.
But perhaps not.
Maybe instead, what really happens is we get distributed.
Maybe the tremendous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the extinction of species, the scarcity of water and energy, without doubt.
As human beings are very good at embracing the problems, and in the long run, we ended up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled, the average income per capita income has spread around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
In addition, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communication, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that the world's language went from 25 to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living in an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting out more and higher expectation.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today, in America, a lot of the people living under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, teachers, television, mold air and cars.
The sandwich sandwich magnifies of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed with such lungs.
Support a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into information technology jumps out in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the cell cell cell cell is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a survey in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, how soft it is, in good and bad time, in war and peace in recession and approaches.
It's the quick computer result used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before none of the big challenges.
And although it's graffiti in a law on the left, it turns out to go up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, at the Moore's Law, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
Cloud computing, that my friends in Austrian call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels and vaccination, vaccines and food.
I mean, how many saw the victory in "Jeopardy" from Watson" from IBM.
It was a spade.
I looked at the newspapers the best headlines that I would have.
And I loved this: Watson sells human opposites."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
play with the nuances.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available to everybody on the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singularity University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to come up with a company, or a product or service, that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absolutely sounded.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single one on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that it's scarce, and it gets abundant.
You see, the scarcity is context, and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon II in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invite the king of Simona.
National troops ate with silver, and the same Nazi, with gold covers, with gold.
But the king of Simolan, he ate with aluminum books.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it was more than gold and platinum.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum itself.
You see, even though the aluminum is 80 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electronics came up and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was devoted.
Let's project this analogy into the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 energy lanes every 18 minutes.
It's not about scan, but of accessibility.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the delicious generation, 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance.
Let's talk now about wars by water.
Remember when Carl Sagan took the Voyager Space spacecraft, in 1990, after Cape Saturn?
So I took a famous picture. How did it be called?
"One pale blue dot.
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent of water.
Yeah, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for five percent of the water on the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
Now nanotechnology, the nanotechnologists.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen, this morning, one of the innovators of the criminal -- I'd like to share with you, I gave you permission to do it. Your technology called Sweltering -- you probably know -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's capable of generating a thousand liters of drinking water on the day of any water -- water container, a letter -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed that it will make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will be able to implement it globally in 70 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that's powered by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God! We're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world in the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smart cell phone, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have predicted ever.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS video, images, books and music libraries -- now they are democratized and lost market value with the mobile.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications are.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announcing with the Amazon Foundation, something called the X Triad Common Prince, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they speak, and because it has an A.I. they can take blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the midst of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where the marketing burden is 25 percent, and there are four percent workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize the health of health, and first of all, avoiding the pandemic.
But this is the greatest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
We just moved the seven billion miles.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion, is to lead the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion of the Internet users.
Three billion minds never heard that they add to the global conversation.
What would these people want to do?
What will you get? What wish would you do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of trillion dollars injected in the global economy.
And they're going to move more health thanks to the Transportation, of a better education with the Khan Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you provide by three billion more members of mankind, healthy education and products?
How about some voices never before held before?
What if we give them the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three billion million are going to take to do?
And if they're contributions that we can't predict it?
Something that I learned with President X is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do the big corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really thrilled me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Foldies.
He came up at the University of Washington in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
Plays determine the structure and the functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a propositional problem.
They've played with these university professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were joining and started playing it.
And it's shown that the recognition machinery of human patterns is better folding protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the criminal innovation.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that were used to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extra decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the face of the game point.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, I will give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1853.
Maybe you believed that you would see penguins, but it wasn't like that.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as a very common.
It was the me.
I found it a lot to the 1850s.
Now the fish is at the Red Readily Research.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos.
But the case is we still come to Galapagos.
We still think they're prisoners.
The proteins still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get in.
I was very burned with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the Sun.
The logic was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from a man.
There were the telephones of about 20 inches -- the black boom.
And the fish of this jihad was very abundant and went through a good moment, so it was gained more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had halved.
The five inches material.
They were experiencing a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they still were happy.
And fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing else, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of the air fishery in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s. It started in 1960. Europe did a lot of development projects.
Fish development continued to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to impose industrial fishing.
And this bottle, pretty ugly, was called March four.
I went out to fish in him, and we did studies in the South China South Sea, and especially in the Sang Sea.
What we captured there was something inert there.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were space, other animals that are in the background.
And most of the fish are some tiny blobs about a few remains, the remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea fund came to the deck and then it was taken.
These images are extraordinary, because transition is very rapidly.
In one year, you do a studio, and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background goes from being a solid coral forecast, in this case, to be a long.
This is a dead torture.
They didn't eat them. They downloaded them because they were dead.
Once we captured a life.
I was still not drowned yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what the fishermen take every time they go to an area where they never have fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We took the point of part, the new level, without remembering what I was there.
If we generalize this, something like this.
On the axis and we have good things, biodiversity, lots of ecostible, the range of the country, water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images in the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extract forward.
The difference is that they perceive the loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the value of change.
And at the end of keeping a couple of missions.
And that, largely we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done until some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before extinction, is little fairly.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Eventually, we focus on the big animals, and in a serious sea of big fish.
They become little frequent because we fish them.
Eventually, there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of particular.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they'll do it because evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them shows, like, capture such and so many fish in this area cannot be used or usually don't use the scientists of fishing, because it's not scientific.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in international societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
So the huge role that can accomplish a protected marine zone.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really remember the past.
So we remember the past that people can't conceive because the point of Party has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people that you can see a protected marine area and you can benefit from the vision that provides it, which allows them to erase their own point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle East, for example?
I think there are the arts and the cinema maybe you can fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Bass of Chapland.
A long time ago, there were gray whales on Chesapeake Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that nuances.
And if you think about "Arabic) if you think why people were moving with the film -- not talking about the story of Palms -- why would we engage with the pictures?
Because it makes something that, in a sense, it's lost.
So my recommendation -- the only thing to give, is to Cameron -- "American II under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alaska, the YouTube trends, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we will see why videos are made viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars. Celebrity, singers, comedy -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the website makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can do famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, only a small percentage is made virus, it receives infinite visitors and curiosity markets.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, participatory communities and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Bean Vandeland." Oh, my God! My God!
Oh my God!
Wow.
Oh, Walen: Wow.
KA: Last year, Beach Vician published this filming video outside his home in the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction on the popular airline of the summer.
Bead doesn't have to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Poland Mountain Beach.
He had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimitability.
Jimmy Kimit published this theater that he controlled the video to popularity video.
Technology creators like Jimmy Kimitability presented us to new and interesting things and divided them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Blackboth."  It's Friday, Friday, you've got to start the Friday --   Everybody wants me to get the weekend weekend, the weekend.   Vents, Friday, starting Friday,  KA: You wouldn't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, hope.
"The Black Reeper views, it's one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency frequency.
Just like "Art green dollars, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask those other peaks -- they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday, right?
Well, Dr. Tokyo took it, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson -- Milo Science Theater was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends are adopting a point of view, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who shared this great inner joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 pieces of Vermeers in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for every other day.
Unlike the industrial entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon -- technologically or doing something new with that.
"Now, "No Cather, it's a sudden animation with a musical approach.
That's what it is.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there is a three-year-old version that has been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats.
But the important thing here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet television community.
There were replaced.
Somebody did a version to the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remixes that made this happen from being a silly joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "The "Rain Greek or Regestone Black, or None Carbon?
What would I want to have written that I could do this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected that can be depended on how these things have done it.
When a friend told me I had to do this great video of a guy who protest against the crowds in New York City, admit that I wasn't too interested in.
Casey Nigerian: I was killed by not circulating by the big thing, but there are often obstacles that make you circulate for the big one.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Nigerian made five million people saw and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth all the way that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads us to a big question.
Bean Vandeland." What does this mean?
Ohmah.
KA: What does this mean?
Tenth creators, the creative communities of participation, is completely unexpected -- are features of a new kind of media -- of a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity definitely.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Big started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we all are a little bit of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- it's just the ones of the current media but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still being afraid.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drum, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine while computers go into Saturn, running the fact that their life had completely been in vain.
words, for so long friends, they now force it.
He broke in silence.
It died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not letting that been in vain and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to take you, but we took it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you have to have a seal in sentine declining silenced to sea.
My mother, May, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concentrated marriage.
For her, life had been destined to a task only: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incredible for her that he couldn't do it.
And after a four years that defies the fiction, a boat goes into the disguised sea of fishing forest.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was paralysis, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother had a fragment with poison.
If you caught us, first we'll take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the steady rhythm of the engine, the production surviving each wave, and the hotel and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with the men's worth of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't run for six hours.
But I know the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor later.
After three months in a refugee camp, we went down in Meleval.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Phospham, a class suburbs whose population is made of immigration.
Unlike the middle class suburbia whose existence I knew, in Fosus, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English came up between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car mountain line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT and the information Technitor.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take off, which was usually new clothes -- it was always a second hand.
Two hundred media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the goals, because I had to last six years.
And there were rare and painful singing on the rights shoes, and some graphics. Go back home.
home."
Something in me came in.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was taken every night, but we kept on about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered favorites, all the boat.
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmares start to be able to break it.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be stupid, and he opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry, and influenced kids trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and parkings.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, relentless with what I shared myself.
In the other hand, I was embedded in price lives, tragic bombers by violence, drug abuse, and isolation.
But many people got help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected my young Australian young year.
And I was captured from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit up.
So Leonardo, he was an anonymous fan of Phosphamold, he was now so Leonardo, refugee and social activist invited to speak in sites that he had never heard of name, and in houses whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retreat the routine and the comfort of life in an innocent suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending up the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting over the day of each and stopping asleep, three still on the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we went up to the boat.
He had never been an option.
"Get it, he said, "And you're not what you don't.
So I talked about youth and education and education to wounds and prototypes.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more it was filed to speak.
I met people from all the roads of life, many of them doing what they loved in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my science, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be an unknown time, a newly arrived, new on the scene -- and not only it's right, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a godsend.
Because being inside can easily mean to fill the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is demoralized, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that they would not have been allowed were really encouraged up.
There was an energy there, an inequality optimistic, a rare mixture of humility and courage.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a small group of people who the motto cannot do, was a free challenge.
For one year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of each day, he made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked all the time.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move the United States.
And after a single journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved along, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Congress was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person who mattered it.
Life had never changed centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17 became a concentration of a Mandela whose mother struck.
No support of his husband, he causes a return to the demanding and taking the cause herself and much more back when he earned win.
He can't be able to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the bedroom of a hotel in Side when she died, about 1,000 miles, in Melbourne ...
I looked through the show of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew he had come to stop.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a business temple in Foreign and we sat around their own.
We told stories and we would ensure that we were still with it.
At night a monk came up and told us that he had to close the end.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the manner, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so crosses.
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"They haven't been only only only."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Because we were and how life formed, now we can see that the men who had reached our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat had easily agreed easily.
I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could do that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
I can give you a test in their lives, surviving brave on every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could take it and see them to save, I would do it.
Transparency Nelson and also the mother of so much is here in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rays about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Slime Al Mashular song.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of the old Indian epidemic "The Marketh."
Back in those days when Indians wanted to travel we jumped into a car, and we surprised the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when Art, the great Indian warrior, he was seven, he took a bow and with a shot to the floor, he got water.
Now we do the same with workshops and machines.
The conclusion we found was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that blew me a lot.
I was getting a little bit more the campaign.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his plate plate of pocket.
And this complete piece of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and nurses in my imagination.
I had the sense that mobile phones and luxury clocks and cameras prevent us as well.
They fract our inspiration.
That's why I got to this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It was English books since 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
I'll bring the text with the image, the animation and sound and touch.
Nature becomes increasingly multidel.
But what does that do?
I'm about to launch Khahi, an interactive app for Italian.
He says, "Get your fingers on every light."
And so --  He says, "This box belongs to you." I write my name.
And so I become a book character of the book.
At several times, I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes straight to me.
My inner girl is excited about all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic magic, to those ideas that we were born with kids.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always came up with me.
So here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, illuminate your way in what you rest from the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by girls was that a whole galaxy was in a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ticket that I drag into this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book has always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows up and full and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the approaches.
We all heard about the fairies and the binaries, but how many people outside India know their Indian contractors, the applications?
These poor applications have been trapped in the cameras of Indian for millennia, in an old and honor book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals today as the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked down, attached to their CO2, haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect pictures of different natural objects.
I had a lot of colonies. I had a lot of collections, stones, stones and cockroaches and concerts.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual ritual, you have to go out and in a chapter take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a shoe and says, "Oh, today I saw a shoe.
A child in India says, "Today I saw a monkey.
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taking.
Within the variation variation between the magic, the Earth and the technology are many possibilities.
In the next book we plan to have an interaction where you come out with the iPad and the video and the video talking and through reality, you see a group of animated dinosaurs that appear on the indoor plants.
At some point the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them up so you can read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature engage with technology and magic and technology are closer to each other.
We leverage the energy of the Sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and childhood love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about why a lot of health projects failed.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Norway University was to drive a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known. What happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects failed, because we stopped listening.
This is my Wikipedia block. It's very simple.
It has a little bit of a lighter and a line.
Every morning came up with me.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get 95 kilograms away.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my password doctor has access to him as well. So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when I need a cultural assistance or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wikipedia by Wikipedia and before I go up to my car, people start to talk about: light, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little man connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will be able to take their own home, to take their blood pressure to send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients take a position, they go back to recover control and capable of their own boats, but it can also help us care health care because of the challenges we face, as the trigger of the cost of medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crowdenerating.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM strikes are.
Where all the gas governments.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest DNA to help this patient?
We asked ourselves, but nobody was.
No one knew where to get the DETTIn saves right now.
What we did was we did corruption in the Netherlands.
We create a website, and we asked the audience to say, you see a DNA, please send it, Dicks where, and when it's open, because sometimes open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA were already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lauran, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time they are in the city of Malawing and someone collapse, they can use their iPhone, and at the next weeks they use their mycelium from Microsoft to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to present this one, not only as DNA 41, which is the name of the product, but also like Shelins.
And we want to start globally.
We're concentrating all of the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the CRISPR curriculum around the world.
Every time they are in vacation and someone collapse, it can be a partner or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us to value these DNA.
They could be message services or telephone people, for example, to see if the DETTIn who shows is still in their place.
Please help us and not just improve health, but to take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photographs.
Or is it "The Photool?
Because of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest by photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed with my previous passion for the drawing but it was a little bit different because when we use the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the pole.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pole.
Pictures like this, a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And, despite it, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say reality I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as photography.
Pictures where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that you can capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is the details, or the colors.
Did the light?
What's what creates illusion?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about how to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly unimaginable objects, something that we all can relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional, as if you are.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by changing photography.
It really is in combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look really realistic I think they're those where we don't even think, the things that surrounding us in our everyday lives.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that pictures of photographs must have the same perspective.
Second, the pictures combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are using these requirements, they were taken to the same height, and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make a chance to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape, and the lower part is manipulating it.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The undersea part was captured in a stone poet.
And yes, I even made the house on the top of the island so that it looks more solid.
So to achieve a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the photos, the outcome can be very beautiful, and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please make it happen.
It's a diagram that I took from a portfolio mine.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of MRI messages versus the power of local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this one, as a lot of other people that we tend to see, is sort of a straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
To talk about technology with smart curves is non-volunteer.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why are we grateful technological curves on logarithmic scale?
The answer is that if you draw it in a normal curve, where, let's say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to graph, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
He doesn't say a lot.
But if graph, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a sex curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the technology technology would move as fast as the microscope, past tomorrow, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go forward to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technology of a relative growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plan is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know that until something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
If we will, we will now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we are in a transition of what used to be the world in a new way.
So what I try to ask about asking, and wonder, is, what is that new way it embraces the world?
How new is the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember that as a child happened in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been angry, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
And we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years old because it will be so different to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experiment.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and computing.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at things in the long term.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back to about 2.5 billion years old when the Earth was a big strategic rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If we look at the way that those chemists were organized we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA. I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it is, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical prescriptions inside.
Some of those oil droplet contain a particular combination.
And they began to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil portraits.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them has a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide they inhabit an unequal distribution of the chemists that they count.
That's why each gas was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow decided to be better in the time of incorporating the chemical chemicals, they grew more, they were incorporating more chemicals and they divided more.
They usually lived longer, they were more related.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick.
In some way we don't understand these droplets learned to store information.
They learned to take information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were so that we can replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved about 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust microscopes that I try to hide the airport security people.
But it does. I took this code. The code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this fragment of DNA and it blew it 10 to 22 times.
That's why if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot for all of the presentations, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a school would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next happened?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things were made very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming such a cell community.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
That way, for example, evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and adopted them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are a lot of resistant resistant.
This communication gave place that communities were formed, in a way, they were together in that, and they established a synest.
So they survived or failed together, so if a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community, they were really represented by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write all the recipe from the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a military community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve the heart, or the machine cell, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and they produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to embrace information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible to register and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because he knew wrong and she was sick last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism since they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system will build those information structures really speeds up the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If you think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here emitting a bunch of groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confused, in his heads that hold some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we converted it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstract.
Now we go through periods similar to multicellular organisms, abstract our methods of records and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a small step in that direction.
The television, the computer, the video tape, the CMU, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information.
And that aggregates us on something much larger, faster and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of the Earth where it produced a certain evolution with the Convention program before our eyes.
And we have now accelerated time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told them took a billion years each.
The next step, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language etc., less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is food, I guess it is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more changing, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process represented.
But I earned my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead of that, with the designers of The Mackletnacce Machines, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could before you couldn't get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I use methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random self-controller sequence.
We say, "Please can you run a hundred million sequence sequence secrets.
Could you run these sequences of instructions in random and run all those programs, and take those who are more likely to approach what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely to be a little bit likely that some random services of instructions, ordered numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, I could go through two numbers in the right order.
And I said, computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the use?
Let's take those and eliminate the rest.
And we now play the ones that are best ordered the numbers.
And we are going back to play them following a process of analog recovery process.
We take two programs, which engage kids, who exchange suburbs, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of product of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
Calify again.
It introduces some mutations.
And it tries new and represented with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we end up with programs that are absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They are dark, weird programs.
But they use the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they do the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that succeeded.
In fact, their lives depended on doing it.
I once went in a 777 with Marvin Ministers, and I took a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't make you feel a single signal?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they are combinated.
So we started to depend on computers to make a different design process.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the options that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so can be able to execute these programs much faster.
I mean, it's related.
The thing is getting faster and faster and so I think it looks so confused.
Because all these technologies are reported.
We're sticking away.
And we are at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multidel.
We are the lovels and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'll stop here before I get eliminated.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've done enough time to allow me to make a part of my fake biases on that.
Before I tried the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the World Serious Sereath.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's to go out "Remotely "Well, it's about the statistics and use it to form a great baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that battery 300 dollars.
That means that the beetle battery effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game without being trapped, and that anyone who's trying to bring it to the first base doesn't come in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how you call a 300 sample in the Great Light?
Well, actually, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how you call a 400 baseball battle called?
By the way, that's somebody who, from 10 bonds, is a four pounds.
Legacy -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Great Library of Biosphere to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we translate this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have applications and you're delivered to a surgeon that has also a record of 400 in applications.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a short place and a loved self has two broken coronary arteries and their family doctor led to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200 dollars.
But you know anything?
She's getting better this year.
And their ancestors have been 252.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you believe that should be the average of a heart surgeon or a heart surgeon or a negative bush?
1,000, great.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the access of a good surgeon, a doctor or a diplomat.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and it included, with the mandate.
I don't ever have a mistake and a question of finding out how to do it right.
That was the message I would absorb when I was in medicine.
I was a complex obstacle student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goliath studied to a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little disadvantage in the nurses of the General Hospital Hospital in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
And of my class of anatomy, I memorized the origins and the muscle work, the branching of every artifact that comes out of the air, the ultimate differential diagnosis and the non-violent.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the religious tuna access.
And as so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you get the medicine school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or most possible, close to all of us, because so I would communicate from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Grandma.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the lady Greece to the emergency service where I was working with.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when I got a soldier to meet a cardiologist I was able to attend that patient.
You're going to report the head of residents.
When I saw Mr. Grandma, I was sleeping.
I heard a released sound.
And when I got it, I listened to a sliced sound in both sides, which was a cognitive heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stop working, and instead of pumped the blood forward, the blood goes into the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there is hard to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did it and I got to work on the treatment that I would give.
He gave it separate and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
He gave him difficult, water pills so that he could eliminate liquid.
And in one hour or two, she began to feel better.
And I felt great.
And there it was when I made the first mistake. I sent it home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her to her house without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't wake up the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, he could have been able to deliver complexity.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even counting my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I send it home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Go "Good, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to care about Mr. Hurried, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought and he said with total natural nature, "Yes, I think it will be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradigm took it home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, I had a bad press in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I planned to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was my car to go home. At that time, I did something I didn't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the way home.
And there is another nurse, not the one that came from the lady Greece before, but another one -- he told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency physicians.
Other specialists fear them too, but there is a particular participant and is that we see the patients.
The three words is: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Because she came back, with the same voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
By a time of having reached his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and her family called 9/11 -- the paradigms brought it to emergency with a 50 miles of Hiscontent, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathed and blue.
The emergency staff took all its resources.
They gave me medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial responsibility.
I was committing and harded to the spinal cord.
He had a mix of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waited against all hope he would recover it.
And in the two or three days the next day it was evident that I would never wake up.
He had a reverse brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were resided to what was happening.
And in the ninth day, they let it go. Mrs. Grandma, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was drawn by it and I experienced for the first time the marketing that exists in our medical culture, and I felt lonely, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil embarrassment I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt felt.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I took things out and made sure that they don't leave me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my headbrand, why did I send it home.
And in my worst moments, why did I make a strange mistake?
Why does medicine choose medicine?
Slowly that feeling was disappointed.
And I started to feel better.
And in a blood day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with me where if I cut the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital in Northern Toronto, and I received a 25-year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and stretched.
And he was sitting here.
He looked at his throat, he was a little colon.
He asked him penicillin, and he sent him home.
But as he ran to the door she was still pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guard shift, my boss asked to talk to me just in his office.
And it took the three words. Do you remember you?
Do I remember the patient who saw for a pain in the grade?
And he came back and he didn't have a pretty extraordinary fantastic.
He had a potentially fatal condition.
You can search for Google -- it's an infection, not of the throat, but of the upper air -- and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He surely didn't fail.
Antoning antibiotics is an intrinsically recovery and recovered.
And then the same period of embarrassment and reports, then he relieved me and came back to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same set of urgency, no applause didn't discussed.
And it's a big effort, especially working on a hospital because it went to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a decentralization.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They ordered a kidneys racing, but it turned out, a colleague that was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, and he called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to redesign and asked my colleague to check it.
He reviewed it, and when he noticed some sensitivity in the lower right-hand quadrant, he called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and recovered well.
But every single case, I was drawn to me.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a pressure.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just shaming and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them so that they don't make the same mistakes.
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure, after failure, after fail?
Of course you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but not listening to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew, and my colleagues also, as a mathematician in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at it in the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones who can't sleep and the ones who have similar results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that begin to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical practice and medical failures to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto Star to my program, "White College, Blake Art, Black Art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are organized.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, in which one in every 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disaster is not right, in a system where intergalactic infections are increasingly, and more numerous causes chaos and death.
In this country, they killed 44,000 Canadian micro-percentional mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about scuba substances, because we're not managing the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge multiplied every two or three years, and we are not accepted.
The privacy of sleep invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest -- it comes wrong with slavery eyes, and with all of a sudden, my story is kind of contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things always like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional properties to error, well, it won't be anyone.
And with regard to people don't want to talk about their most serious cases.
In my program, "Decendar Arabic, a black art, is already a culture to say, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell you, from the diets to the head of cardiac surgery -- "This is my worst mistake, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. And I would steer the microphone to them.
And their students are depended, they disappear, they go down their head and swallow out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, don't compromise the same mistake."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a redevelous medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The medical doctor is human -- it is human, it accepts it, and it doesn't get proud of their mistakes, but it's effort to learn about what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and of support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that humans are directing the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every once in the time.
My name is Brian Golda.
I'm a reduction doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel so much but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, recently, I did a survey for more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to pick up an average American, are about 70 to the day.
It didn't do a lot ago, in a research followed for a week to a group of presidents of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks deployed by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they agreed 138 jobs per week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the nine minutes category, and how many of an hour?
How does the way that make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the current current -- choose to pick up the options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
In other ways, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please please give a palm down.
And now my first question of the day, are they ready to hear about the problem of the openness of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I did this very, very high level, at least at least at that time, was very sophisticated.
It was called Derek.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different classes of mustard and VineSide, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the bottled water, and this was when we took the water from the tap.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I wondered, why do I never buy anything?
This is the street of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes including those who were in the sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Do it work well this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed me up with the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the messages.
Passage.
They had 348 different classes.
We installed a post to describe, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out of six flavor searches, or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, where did people were willing to stop the memory?
More people stopped when there were 24 percent, 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a member sandwich.
Here we found the opposite effect.
Of the ones that stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy message.
Of the ones that stopped when I had six, we saw that 30 percent of a look at it.
If we did the math, people had six times more likely to buy the message if they found six, that if they found 24 ...
Well, deciding that we don't buy some of us probably become -- -- -- less is good enough to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the emergence of choices affects us to really momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial saving.
I'm going to describe to you a study that I did with guru Surprise, Erm Kamaine and Wael Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of officials available in planes of savings for retirement, the 404 program discouraged people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation of it.
We had 65 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the greater the number of funds, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as I wanted to.
And in the plans that were offered about 60 funds, the participatory rate went down to the perfect 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the choice, the more people were encouraged to avoid the actions or the hedge funds.
And in terms of the choice, they were more willing to invest in market financial accountability.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will recover to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is, they make the decision -- they pass it even when it goes against the interest of it.
They are more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance, and in health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, although they obviously get better.
The main reason is that we go to look at that giant variety of magnificent, metabolized, violent and member, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to propose four simple techniques that we have tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first one, Corain.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is less than today.
People always bother when I say, "Come down.
They care about losing space in the air.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of extra redundant choices, there's going to be an increase in the sales -- you go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When I Proctor & Gamble went from 26 different types.
When the Goldman Court comes up with the products for cats that are less sold and increased the uses in percent, by two causes -- higher sales and lower costs.
You know today, in average today, 5,000 products.
In a shop of Walmart.
But the largest line in the current world is Allen and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples they've come up with how to manage better choices is David Laminess, the Harvard program.
All of the employees in Harvard are automatically incorporated to a life insurance background.
Who you really want to choose, you offer them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut it.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "Tell me the differences that there are among those options.
And if your employees can't different, you can't do their clients.
This evening, before I started this session, I was chatting with Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer the people in this audience for a few vacation with all of them paid the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the Garden office.
(Baseline applications. Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept office.
Are they not else?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think it actually agreed to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second, but I can go through and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the emergence of choices, which is Concrete.
So for people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences should be very fast, very concerned.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average, when you use debit cards or credit cards than when you use effect?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shah Benjamin and Adam Predator, about people who worked in Indiana, these people were in a meeting where they were attacking a 404 plan.
To that meeting, we take exactly how it used to be, we did a little statement.
What we added was that we applied to the staff that they would think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the ratings of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings senses, four percent.
The third technique is Classing.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets throughout the road corridor -- the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types.
But you know?
Because it tells me how to distinguish them.
These are two exhibitions of jewelry.
One is called Jack and the other, Sweden."
If you think that the one on the left is Sweden, and the one on the right is Jack, you get a palm down.
(Audience applications. Well, there are some of them.
If you think that the one on the left is Jack, and the one on the right is Sweden, you get a palm down.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Sweden. But you know something?
This rating scheme is completely useless.
Categories have to indicate something to who I choose to, not one that defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge finance lists.
It's supposed to be information?
My fourth category, Conference complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a complicated decision. The purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow the police completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to take the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options.
Color outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is to pour the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the clients are going to go from a lot of choices, 56 colors at a time, four boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look like?
How involved you are.
If you can always act the button for defect in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed or it is, we're losing them.
And we found that the ones that go from a lot of choices at time, they take the boat for affection over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, they go there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order that information comes in.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose it.
Even though the choice of change does not say anything about the preferences of the decoration of democracy, anyway.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more confronted with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the emergence of choices, to cut, eliminate strange alternatives, to conclude, make it real. Class -- we can manage more categories with less options.
All these techniques that I've presented you were designed to help manage the alternatives, or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are wrong.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful by choice.
And the more careful we are in our choices we can better practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter to write it to the government.
He had to record a piece of text text with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of the texts.
If you found a writing with the incorrect message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we didn't realize somebody could do this, how much it would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a 3D printer of any big manufacturer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow scores on every page that follow a pattern that makes you one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to hurt a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, cities.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world we can pull the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the cyber.
Like Mr. Diamond Goliath in Aurancia.
The mobile phone cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, in a lot of numbers.
There are really a lot of cases in line, multiverses, who made money with their attacks.
This is Vietnam Tesland, State, State.
This is Alfred Gogged.
This is Stephen Wat.
This is Barneting Sono.
These are Matthew Anderson -- Aaron Alabama, etc., etc.
These guys do their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media by using banking transitions to steal money from our bills when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy a infected computer.
The American secret service, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this lady, Sam January, and this story had 14 million dollars when he was frozen frozen.
Mr. Janier got solar -- he knows her paradox.
And I say today is more likely than any of us are victims of a cyber than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is wrong with worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate them, they motivate them, they motivate the operations.
Groups like Anonymous have declined in the last 12 months taking a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states the governments that they attack.
And then we see cases like Digital Dicking.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Digital is a centralizing authority from the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
He would decide the last fall, because of a superconductor.
They supported the security of the site and they had a cell.
Last week, I wondered, in a meeting with the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the Dick attack.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Digital is a certainty authority.
They sell closed.
What do you do?
Well, you need if you have a website with hospitals, service Such services, services like Ghana.
Except that you can intercept a serious foreign authority.
And they emit clearly captured.
And in the case of Disney happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the beat of the building, they found a lot of paper.
And between those papers was this poster called "Facebook."
And within that portfolio there were notes from a company with a firm in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government to intercept a large scale the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool by 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the Transportane Treatment, a coach used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interacting.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the Trust Trust to infect our computer with a transitional to allow us to see all the communication, and listen to the online arguments to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect myself because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
Privacy is not discussion.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right right that we are going to take today, will be forever.
We're going to rely blind in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that need us to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South National Park.
These are the cows, in the background, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close in most of the South, which means that animals like the fibers migrate out of the park.
And predators like lions follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we woke up in the morning and we found it very bad because it was the only touch we had.
My community, the masses, we think we come from heaven with our animals and all the land to park them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hating a lot to lions.
The dying ones are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
One child in my community, six to nine years old, is responsible from their father's livestock and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of.
But I realized that this doesn't really serve, because it even helped the lions look at the stresses of the far.
I didn't get up. Come on.
One second idea was to use a shot.
He tried to deceive the lions so they believed that he was near the status.
But the lions are very clever.  They came the first day and watched the shot, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed.
So one night I was walking around the status with an torch and the lions didn't come up.
I found that lions are afraid of light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got an switch that I would think and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken lens.
I stole everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little Indian box. I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the lights deliver.
As you can see, the light bulb goes out, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come from night.
The lights float up and they deceive the lions to think I'm walking through the state, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and he asked me if he could put the lights out.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used right now, all over Kenya, to scare other predators such as hyenas -- leopards -- and it's also being used to spread elephants from farmers.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship on one of the best schools in Kenya, Brother International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds.
I even led my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So one year ago, I was just a child in the shoes of the savanna, kicking my father's cows, and I used to see planes fly, and he told me that some day would be inside of one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an animation engineer and a pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions -- but now as my invention is saving my father's cows and lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Ash of sandwich. What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like you.
So you got a grandmother. Richard Turkey. Yes.
CA: You're working on other electric inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RG: My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical close -- CA: A close electric close.
RB: I know you already invented the close electrical fences but I want to make mine.
CA: So you try it once, right? And you -- LT: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a called called --  CA: At the heart of the canyon. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We are going to encourage every step that I read, friend mine.
Thank you very much. RG: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
I grew up singing a song called "In Nothing."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all time studying the story of Kim 1998, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemies.
Although sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and myself had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's hill.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're stuck together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we're prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a little time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete from my memory.
A homeless woman was dead on the street, holding a child scanned in her arms looking at the face of her mother without being able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about caring care of themselves and their families.
A huge shoulder of North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million North Koreans died during the hunger, and only few surviving eating password, insects and tree cortex.
They were also made more and more frequently the power cut, all my way around me was completely dark at night except for the lights of the sea in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light, and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries.
This is the Arkland River, which serves the limits between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angry at certain points, allowing Koreans to cross out.
But many die.
Sometimes, I see bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant leaders.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life was like Norman Revolution.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because socioeconomic refugees in China were considered illegal migrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed and it would be reported to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Someone had accused me for being Norman, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to exploit.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be locked and deposit.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and I answered questions.
At the end of the interrogation an official told another, "This was a fake report. She's not Norden."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Koreans are looking for asylum in foreign administrators.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and departments.
These women had a lot of luck.
Though they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and deposited to North Korea, where they're tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Though I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of its world can take in a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk by going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To be in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I was expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and south.
We are all Koreans, but inside, we've become very different because of 60 years of divide.
Even a crisis of identity.
Am I Sundance or Norman?
Where do I am? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with a proud of mine.
Though I adapted life in South Korea wasn't easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the exam of income to college.
Just when I started adapting my new life, I received a called alarming call.
North Korean authors introduced some money that sent my family, and, as punishment, my family was going to be cleared to the force to a local location in the outside.
They had to run immediately.
I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korean and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and headed me to the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them in some way, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then across Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once our bus was arrested and tackled by a Chinese police officer.
He asked all of us, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I immediately stood up and told him that they were substantial people who were accountable.
He looked at me, but fortunately I believed me.
We did all the way to the Ladots border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Lads.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the border.
After paying manuals and bonds, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and locked again in the capital of Lads.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was arrested in prison to the distance of the South Korean Embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multinational.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What is the problem."
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about questions.
With my poor English, and with a dictionary I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans, and they took them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?"
"I'm not helping you, he told me.
"I'm helping the Normal people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The wonderful unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norwegian town when we needed it.
And I showed that the goodness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the risks of hope that the Nigerian town needs.
Eventually, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half of the battle.
A lot of Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of the English language, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in Northern Korea and the rest of the world.
Because a lot of us continue to contact family still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more socioeconomic transparency around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is Central Center. Little lines, fast food, washing land.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of Central Sereath so that they changed the South Angeles, as if this would fix what actually is wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South --  Tilanth shops, fast food, washing land.
Just like 26 million other Americans, living in a food desert, the Los Angeles Center, home from food to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to get killed more people than food in the car.
People are dying from curable diseases in the South Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than, say, Beverly Hillis -- which is about 15 miles away.
I get tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of house you see the effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of compressed wheels and sold as cars used.
I see central dance centers like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also got tired of handling 45 minutes of anger and back to buy an apple that has no pesticides, which doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, it was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Groups, we go together and start planting our food forest, fruit trees -- you know, the nine whole vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a paid group made by advanced constitutions of all the processes -- all of the city and completely volunteers, and all we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained it.
And the city came up to me on top of me and in short, they gave me a quote saying I had to remove my garden, the citizen made a court order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, shot it."
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lone, and he talked to the question and one of Green Groups, who put a petition in Christian with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My contacts even called to say they were back and loved what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
LLA is the city of the United States with more landscapes of landscape.
It's about 65 miles of waterfall land.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 720 million of tomato plants.
Why don't you look at this?
It's going to grow a plant to give up a thousand, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of heliums will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my honor when I tell people, they grow your own food.
Growing your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Center.
I grew up there. I grew my kids there.
I'm laughing at being part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing to me for others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
Face is my graffiti. I grow my art.
Like an artist of graffiti -- that I break up walls, I have colonial serious gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees are my pregnancy of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the earth can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became an education tool, transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the Earth.
We are the land.
You would be surprised to see how kids affect kids.
Garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do, especially in a wall.
Also, they get fresh.
I remember one occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, were like the 1930s in the night and they were in my garden, and they got very sticked.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hunger, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Finald, don't fear people are going to steal your food?
What I say, "For God no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
So that's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want you to portray your health.
There was another time when I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I shared her stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just just for a moment.
So Green Groups has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We have had about 50 people coming from, working and participate, all on voluntary plan.
If the kids grow up, the kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes, eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you're not taught how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind what you put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in. I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them nowhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are trying to get out of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Career.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take content and turn it into healthy care.
Don't get me.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, is that you have to do it.
What I talk about is to try to work for people, take the kids on the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food -- opening up farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become ecological reductions, golden gardens, government gardens.
We need to change the script of what's a gut.
If you're not a garden, you're not a gut.
What the gangsters are taking their right right out?
That is its weapon of choice.
Seriously, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit, to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your room so we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Machine (Song (Stanle,  -- probably everybody agrees with me where this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that seeks self-developed.
And especially if you go down in your bicycle, and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can do a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to the cities, we want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make perfect asphalt.
Paralyzing park, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has painters and the water can go through it, so all the rainwater will flow down to the sides and have a road why it's easy to drive, and not will be self-developed anymore.
Noise also disappears in these pores as well.
Because it's very hollow -- all the noise disappears, so it's a very silent road.
It also has development, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get away.
What's going to go? See that in this road the stones of the surface come out.
First of all, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that.  But they can damage their windshield and they won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more harm.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Bacteria of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the damage comes into this material.
It's a porous, present asphalt as I said, so it only has a little amount of advertisement between the stones.
Because of the imperverent, to the UV light, to the oxygen, this adult, the glue between the nests -- will be shrinking, and if you focus, you will make microbes and you get rid of the addicts.
So if you drive around the road, you will get the add addictions.
To solve this problem, we think about authority materials.
If we can make this material, we will probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean safety, and we can cut the steel wool in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an industry machine.
Instance can heat out, especially steel -- it's very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt down the button, the boat will flow by these microbes and the stones will look back to the surface.
Today I use a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great infrastructure machine here on the stage.
The microwave boson is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So they donated us a piece of roads, 400 meters from the Airpon highway, where we had to do a test cart to test this material.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in roads, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage. That's what we know from practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tried them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we repair them then with our industry and we repair them, and we came back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've done a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers using the energy energy to actually increase the life on the surface of the road, even it can double a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they're curious about whether this also worked.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before I can show you how reproductive act.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see. Yeah, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the ball in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in her face that was unusual in those times, because news generally depressed it.
"The Taliban went out. I grew my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school."
One morning.
Very real school.
You see, I was six when the Taliban got out of Afghanistan and made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be used outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that the two could be educated.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were headed.
We had to hide the books in the market so that it looks like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us trapped in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, the school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected it.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were we following us?
Did you know where we lived in?
We were advanced, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total power of a remote province of Afghanistan. He insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father was repeatedly.
But my education mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will retire two years ago, just to become our school house for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family in receiving education.
There was no doubt that his kids had to get education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not education.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to give up, but my father said, "Loya, honey, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there is one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the bank, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I found myself proud of graduate in Missia College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was thrown out of his home by the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate his daughters.
He didn't just get out of my university degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, and I carry it down the streets of Kabul.
My family believed in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even larger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1971, a global campaign to educate women.
It's so that I cofounded Sunday, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is, I see students in my school with the hard desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, to weigh and yet in front of a daunting proposition.
Like Amazon. It's not its real name, and I can't show you his face, but Amazon is the father of one of my students.
So less than a month ago, he and his daughter were walking from SOLE to his village, and literally, they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When he got in his house, they are the phone, a voice told him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, he would try it again.
"Give me now, if you like, but I don't harm the future of my daughter for his old ones and determines ideas.
What I have realized Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West -- is that behind most of the people who succeeded, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they're often the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
We fear that these changes don't last much, after the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and her parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a fundamental future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and inexpensive possibilities, and every day in SOPA remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
No, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile -- "Son, resistant to Galawo.
But you never get a Global Glass revolution.
They've spent almost two years since the living revolution inspired by the electrodes of mass movements so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with a lot of other light citizens inside and outside of the country to call a day of force and start a revolution against the transitional regime of Galiles.
And we did that; it was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the care, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying packages of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of an example of the dictator of Galdida digital.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a single period of six months of gross war and a few losses from about 50,000 dead losses, we managed to release our country and bring the shark.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy burden -- a legacy of tyranny and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the Tanzanian regime of Gaddafi, destroyed the infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of free society.
So aware of devastation and challenges, I've wanted, along with many other women, rebuild civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
They were established about 200 organizations in Benjamin during the day and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Trust.
After a 30-year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops on the development of capacity, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the World Line platform by the Peace -- a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomous of women, and by our rights of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the presidential period -- an environment that was getting more and more polarized than the model of dominance and exclusive policies.
Eventually, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won one percent of the National Congress in the first five years.
However, a little bit, the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found news news.
One day we woke up with the news of the ancient mosques and the Sufi teams.
Another day I gave the news of the American ambassador, and the adult attack.
Another day we woke up with the news murder of the military area.
And every day, every day we woke up with the government of microbes and their continual violations of the human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, pollen more, and has drifted away from ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had at the beginning.
Integrating, exclusion. Self-assembly and revenge.
I'm not here today at all to inspire them with our history of the successful "screen and the choice.
I am here today to confirm that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
Are the credit list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't do it.
What happened then?
Why do our society follow polarized and dominated with selfish policies and exclusive, both by men and women?
Perhaps what was missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion of compassion.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the election needed the choices, who only reinforce polarization and divide.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as indigning agents and calling anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mission.
We need to develop a female discourse that not only honor but also putting the mission rather than revenge, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, delivery by war, needs desperately in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has a alchemy that tries to be in the interface and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real credit.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social way.
According to a version of the Koran "Are Palm, it's the word of the God message, "clearly compassion" company."
At the same time, the word "Markettle, which is known in all the Aboriginal traditions -- has the same root in Arabic, that the word "Jack," symbolizes the female and material, which embraces all the humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all the peoples have gone.
And so just like the uterus covers the embryo, which grows in, the divine matrix of compassion is the whole existence of compassion.
This is how it comes to us, "My mission would take all the things."
This is how it tells us, "My mission is prevalent about my go."
That all of them are known for the mass of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an extra question, which has an equally amazing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to embrace is what everybody does. Why is she left?
Why would someone go to stay with a man who paid it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story that I'll count.
I was 22 years old. I just finished at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York to my first job as a writer and an editor in Senson magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American Reffler, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that a lot of times, the man, who I created my twin soul, he would put me on my head with a pink, carry with a shot with a shelter card.
The man who loved more than anybody in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Long love, a psychological trick, a loved disaster, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a typical subject of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English University at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in March Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the "Fire 500 list, among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Bureau and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black labor and drive a minister Homo Darwin.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the levels of relationship and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the male are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, independent and long-term directions, or said otherwise, in families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, reason why, domestic abuse turns out so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who paid him, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by couples, novelty and abusive husbands in the United States.
I also was a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night night.
I was sitting on my side at the subway in New York and started to float with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also came up with a university of the Incredible Incredible Ingrease, and he worked on a very important bank of Wall Street.
But the thing that struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that looked like a guy in the field.
I had a big map like apples -- and a broken hair wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it all over the beginning by putting a pedestrian.
We started coming out and he loved all of me, he was ready that he had gone to Harvard -- he had a passion to help teenage girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And it was why the privatization in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much relevance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to analyze it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner so I accepted my job and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love love, that I was entering head in a physical, financial and psychological trade, carefully ready.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts it.
And here is where those picks go in.
As we move to New England you know, that site where Congo was supposed to feel so safe to buy three picks.
One was in the car world.
And another one would put it underneath the pillow in our bed, and the third always in its pocket.
And he said that he needed those picks because of the trauma that lived in a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those halls actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already in severe danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and I still had the trucks.
Five days later, when the 10 morals of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's boyfriend suit and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me.
And I was very, very reflected.
It just became very stored by the wedding and the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident and never would make me harm.
I spent twice as much as our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I stole several times against the car cell.
And then, a couple days later, driving back out of our honey moon, I was drowned by the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congo followed me one or twice a week for the next two years and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or analysis at some point in their life, and the information Center of Disease is informed that every year 15 million children are killed, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
I'll go back to my question: Why did I have me?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply crowded man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo to face his demonstrations.
The other question that everybody else is doing is, why don't it just be market?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you would ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a male.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murders of domestic violence occur after that the victim has put end to the relationship, after marriage, because then the adult has nothing to lose.
Other applications include the permanent touch, even after the adult has returned to marriage, financial resources -- and manipulation of the family justice system to train the victim and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend time didn't survive with their mother.
And yet we keep wondering why it's simply not going?
I was able to go, because of a last piece of paper that I saw my denial.
I realized that the man I loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everyone to the world -- the police, to my neighbors, to my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stick the victims as special headlines -- self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people is a way of saying "The fault is its for saying, as if the victims are going to choose to fall in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Love Long," I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also scanned, who learned a unexpected lesson of what happened to them and they remembered their lives of joyful and happy lives as employees, husbands and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I actually am a victim and a super typical domestic violence.
I came back to marry with a terrorist man, and we have those three children.
I have that black cord and also that minister.
What's not going to go back to have never more, ever, is a carrying pink pointing to my head in someone who says I want.
Right now, the same as you're thinking, "Oh, that's fantastic, or "Water, what I was like, but all this time I actually been talking about you.
I assure you there are a couple of people who are listening to me right now, which are being battered or that they were being abused or that they were as adult themselves.
The male could be affecting his daughter, his sister, to her best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my latest request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
Automobile is only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence, simply shedding light on it.
The victims need all over the world.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the balance to light talking about it with their kids, their coworkers and friends and family.
They reflect their view of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a police future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to melt their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis.
Thank you.
Hi. My name's Cameron Russian, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now, there's an awkward tension in the room because it shouldn't have been dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to press it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when he came out, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that chance.
These talents are very awkward, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater, because it's when they're going to laugh from me, so they don't do anything as I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful but also surprise.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I'd never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that I would take the back and it would take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan as the one that I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, although superficial and unchanging has a huge impact on our lives.
So today, for me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but some synchronized.
The first question is, how does it get to be model?
And I always say, "A carbon discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason why I did model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admit -- we also associate it at a high and hotel shape, to the feminist and white skin.
And that's my heritage that I have known to leverage to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now showing skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion they say -- waiting for me. There's Naomi Smalleox, Tilly, Joan Symmetric."
First of all, the happiness for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City told all of the models in the runway, and from the 77th models hired only 27, I mean, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always do is, can it be model when it's up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell you about every one of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the next Internet invention or a neighborhood and a high heart surgeon, which would be awesome, because you were the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insisted, no, no, Cameron, I want to be a model, then I tell you, I know my pressure.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the newsroom of the American Volunte magazine or the HIV executive director, or the next Steven Meter.
To say that as much as you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you are larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose from.
I'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you have done your studies, and you have a curriculum and you have a little bit of a job to your back, no matter what you say, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your robot said, "Model of underwear inside 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people always do is if all photos are recovered.
And yes, they are pretty much reported all the photos, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bicycle, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal domain, but it was a girl.
So it looks next to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a couple of days before the photos for the French Volunteer.
Here I am with my football team and in the magazine V.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize I'm not me in those photos.
They're creations of a group of professionals, pills, machines, photographers and standards, and all their aid and power people, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, do you get things free?
I have too many contains of 20 inches and I never use it, except the previous pair -- but the privilege I get are the ones that I get in real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a shop and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a paradigm conductor, and it jumped out of a sement in red, and of course, they stopped us, and I had a little bit of an agent to be able to drive.
I enjoy these privileges for my appearance, not by what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 140 teenagers that were stopped and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177 young black young people in New York -- so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times would you stop me? And what?
When I researched to this talk, I found that at 53 percent of the 13 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes down to 75 percent at age 17.
So the last question that people do is, how is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is, if you're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is, I'm insecure.
And I am because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier?
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most brilliant hair and the movement more to fashion -- but they probably are the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of race oppression and gender when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there is something to get out of this talk, I hope everyone feels more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have about successful and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was much greater enough to test a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more cherished photos, and I wasn't me who took them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat photos -- not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took it tourists.
My story begins when I found out in New York City to give a canvas, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and 5.
He gave the quality that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday came out of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take San York to New York City on a paper trip and continues the ritual?
So here is when we start asking the tourists that they were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a whole stranger is so universal.
No one has ever been denied and luckily, never no one ever fled with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much it would change us this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is about a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that a five-year girl could understand.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all of the senses.
Because although we always get the same picture, our perspective changed, my daughter makes new stories, and I can see life through their eyes and how it perceives and interacts with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the travel, we were walking up, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed a red telescope from the wrist store.
And I described what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I began to remember his heart palate with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York is universities, because it's determined to study in New York City.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of participating actively in creating conscious memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 photos, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I am always the one I took the photo.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the photo, and you don't want to get closer to somebody and ask them, "Did you get a picture of it.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The divers are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad present?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter personalized characters, dumb characters, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following laughter Kenyan press, applause and altruisive these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But it doesn't accept.
Don't accept. You know why?
Because parliament members don't keep the environment clean.  Paralogons don't help prevent the spread of disease.
They're hardly going on.   They're far away from extinction.  And my favorite, the divers have better presence.   There are two kinds of bubbles on this planet.
There are the New World guides that are mainly found in the Americas, like the colors and the careers, and the old World World guides where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the divers important? First of all, provide vital services -- violent services.
These are our natural garbage recovered.
They clean the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that will not be for them to be extended and cause great loss of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no scripts, the carcasses take three to four times longer in development, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The divers also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture.
Nebulation was the symbol of the protection and material, and along with the goat, they symbolizes the unit between the height, and the English English.
In the Indian mythology, Haiti was a good god, and risked his life to save the God Since 10 heads Valley.
In the Tibetan culture, you have a very important contractor of open sky, in places like Tibet -- there is no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these bubbles provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the lungs?
We have eight species of grandmothers in Kenya, of which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned -- and the reason that they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and factory.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of guides are in the critical list of extinction -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey of the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dick.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a posture.
Since there are no scripts, there has been a spread in the number of dead dogs in the cards of cards, and when you have a street dog, you have a huge bomb bomb show -- the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 350 adventures are going to be above Lake Turishma.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They are birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead divers to serve the brother and the federal feedback.
So what is it doing? Okay, we're investigating these birds. We're putting these birds.
We're trying to determine its basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so we can focus on a local problem it's not going to serve anything.
We need to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about applying the streams, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can you help it? It can become active, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we need to focus on these very understandable creatures. donate their time to spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they'll be informed on the guitars, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on their guns.
They are very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without any effort, no speed energy in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally. It's been shaped by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1991 to 1977, young man, but I am not --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Cote of Mark, Algeria, and Somalia. In projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we established in Africa.
And I was particularly.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we were trying to do it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "The Reagers of Zambassan, was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came up with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia.
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we were paying them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't crash.  We were astounded that the local ones, in such fertile Valley, didn't have agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here,"  "Just in time to save the people in Zambark.
And of course, everything in Africa was really created.
We got these magnificent tools. In Italy, a tomato grew up to this size. In Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the vegetables. "Look at how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beater, mass and red, at night in the morning, about 200 hypotheses came from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the communications. "My God, we have them."
And the chemists said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have any friction,  "Why didn't they say, "You know, I never asked.
I thought only the Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least feed the hypotheses.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we gave them to the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "American Death," from Diamond Montana, chamber economics.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused it.
They just read their book.
It links out of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are infantrals, colonial missions, and we treat people only in two ways or sponsoring them, or we are parking ourselves.
The two words come from the Latin Latin Roone, which means "Davida"
However, it means two different things.
Pathology, I deal with any of a different culture as if they were my children."
Patrick, I treat all of the ones of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white in Africa are called "Blogger, head.
That book gave me a slap on the face -- "The small is beautiful, written by Shanghai, who said for all economic development, if people don't want to be helped by allowed them alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that isn't neuroscience.
I decided at the age of 27 only to respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Commandment where you never start anything, you don't start anyone, but it becomes a survivor of the local passion, the severity of the local passion who has the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It shut down.
It never comes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the fog.
We don't work from offices.
We meet ourselves in a coffee. We met in a pub.
We have infrastructure zero.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important.
And then, we help them find knowledge because no one in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge -- but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting into a community to tell people what to do, why not for once we hear them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never support, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has been identified.
So planning has this blind dot.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they're not attending their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the business family of the business, which is established with you in your house, on the table of your kitchen, in the coffee and helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in Expectation, the city of Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to move away from this conditioned garbage that we came to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 in march, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can it do it?" And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I stood up and I heard it."  So the government says, "Get it again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We have helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying from loneliness.
Peter Grandma, one of the greatest business attacks in history, passed at 96 years ago, a few years ago.
Peter Grandma was a philosophy professor before he got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drenk says, "India is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company.
Planning is the kiss of the death spirit of the corporate spirit.
So now you are rebuilding Christian without knowing what the most autistic people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come to conversation with you.
You have to offer the consequence, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will come up in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What do you introduce to you this tomorrow?
Appropriate local people. That's what you have clapping.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fully fundamental fossil fields -- manufacturer, and from one time to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of supporting machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is, how we nutrients, we communicate, we communicate, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution, the university? Forget them.
The government? Forget it.
It will be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a lovely story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in the year 1860, this group of people came together, and they were very speculating what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was announced, New York City didn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve, and they pointed out, if the population kept growing up to this rate, to bring the population of New York to the all, would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses, would be impossible to enter.
They were already running in dung stage.  So in 1800, they were discussing this dirty technology that would build New York life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States -- in the United States, in the United States came up with a hundred autonomous manufacturing companies, 1900.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very little, essentially, factories in appropriate places.
Derrection, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First you have to offer consequences.
Otherwise, you'll not come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer you an absolute, dedicated service, excitement.
And, again, you will have to tell the truth about it.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell with fantastic marketing, and you have to tell with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and seek money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born.
We have research and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Western WorldWide, Edison -- all the new companies, Google, Yahoo, all.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: No one was initiated by one person.
I will never have the word "I," but the word "weeks, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
No one begins a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have factors, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in cards, in bars alongside their dedicated dedicated people who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this opportunity, someone who will ask you, what does it take?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, so you can sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "I want you to look for somebody to look for that?"
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Everybody around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't have a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authors, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their applause?
How can we afford and ask more things without calling the door at a bad moment?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hope before the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams."
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadow to love, drunk and streets from centuries from centuries and trust in a city.
It always gives the music --  -- there is a device in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of American American properties.
I live near this house, and I thought how it could become a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Joan like a mother for me.
Her death was repeated and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for living time.
He gave me clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I want to keep this look in my daily life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant bar and painted about her phrases to complete completely -- "I want to die before."
So the talks could take a cup, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept going.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be judged by paralyzerborne.  Before I die I want to sit on the line of faith change."
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die I want to plant a tree."
Before I die, I want to live outside the network."
Before I die I want to embrace it once a more.
Before I die I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people made me laugh to cards, they destroyed me, and they gave me a little bit of a hard time.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and slaves, it is about providing the reflection and contemplation and remembering what is most important to us as we grow up and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my civic center colleagues we did a kit, and now they've been done walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Argentina, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of distribution in increase it's more important than ever, finding ways to conserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
The death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking about, but I understood that we're going to prepare for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think about clean death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters us as individuals and as a community, and with more media to share hope, fear and stories, people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
So it's 22 years old, it's high and very game.
He didn't talk, but he translates better than some of the best speakers.
So it knows what love is.
It would be incredibly shared by what happens.
It's not amazing. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never have mind.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to produce words that I can't even remember me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very goat.
It has the most unthinkable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my carbon, but I remember the year when I came up every single song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, and I was a paper on my arm during the first episode of the Texas and the Lada Gaga birthday.
Don't you look cool?
But most people don't agree.
And, in fact, because their minds don't adjust the notion of society of society, they're often ignored.
But what propelled my heart and forced my soul was that even if that was the case, although they didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term automates, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes the physical skills.
In every individual is manifest differently, from there that Remins are so different from Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that increases faster in the world, there is no cause or any known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came into the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
He raised a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was living and he was reading in her own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smaller things, like putting the cars in row around the room, to look at the washing machine and ate anything that would be between average.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evidence.
But beyond the backgrounds, the frustration and the international hyperbolic, there was something really unique -- a pure nature and an innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without prejudice. A human being had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, times where I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change normally.
Now, nature goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some of them is wrong.
It only means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could transmit one thing to Rembrian and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because autistic or not, the differences we have. It's a donor -- every one of us has a gift in its interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normality, is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for grandmas, progress and change die at the moment where we try to be like each other.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what should have been to be Alaska in the World country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a class of communication.
I was scared.  It was really scared from these students with their great minds, their big books and big words and unknown words.
But when we developed those conversations, I felt what Alice had to have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
Just so I felt when I had those conversations with the students, and I was surprised the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We need desperately a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know this, work isn't done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please hurt with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First questions to answer you, and so what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the trials, but they study the trials, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the obstacles.
And when they're describing their science, careful with the jargon.
Grandma is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
You can say, "Spanks and temperature, but why not say space and time, which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing to make them dumb.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of controlling and engaging with their content.
And when you present your job, forget the signs of "bad."
They have wondered why they're called balances?  What do the balance do? The bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the area of the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of example of Gene Brown is much more effective -- shows that the special structure of the trials is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Earth.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legislation, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and next, providing graphics that are attributed to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described.
I think these are just some keys that can help others embrace the door and look at the country of the wonders that science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when they've solved this equation, for all the means --  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all of the Oxford English dictionary is Swin."
Just because it sounds great.
And "Sangagen, it means densertipled policy.
Even though there was an 19th century newspaper of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A suspension is the one who seeks a public charge no matter -- no matter or platform, or first, and that, when he won, he gets it for the mere use of a retrofitted regulation.
I have no idea what "I means "really "really means?
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis of politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to cite the exact words that were said in the parliamentary chamber.
And all this was because of the value of a guy with the Amazon Creative in the name of Brazil Creative, who faced the Parliament.
He took up in the London Tower and they were concentrated, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a support in London who won.
And just a few years later, we had the first round use of the phrase as well as the metal shoes," "The Metrical metal."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America, just after the independence.
So they had to tackle the question of how to call George Washington -- his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call a report in a report company?
This is debated in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions were presented to be frustrated.
Some of them wanted to call it "The Washington State "Federal Sea and others, "Your Alassaur George Washington and some other "Decendon.
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it "Readi."
They thought it was the quality of quality.
And not even with that were manner, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have been.
Everybody gets immensely tired -- because this debate is proposed for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator and always wrote, still with this show."
What caused the portrait and the way it was that the House of Republic was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to become a professional power.
They didn't want to call it Readine for if he was giving him or her series ideas.
So, they wanted to give the more modest title, more inspiring and more feedback that they were happening.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title. There was already before, but it only meant somebody who predicted a meeting?
It was like the president of a jury.
And it didn't have much more great than the term "Paralyzerbook, or "up "up "up "up "up "out of "up "up "superconducted?"
There were events of little colonial concentrations and government, but it really was a disabled title.
And so the Senate is open.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign up and meet with fundamental digitals?
"And who would take a serious title and in a title as ridiculous and insisted as Persian Americans?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't.
We can learn three interesting things of all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until where I've been able to find, the Senate has never been able to have the president of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to follow there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporal --  -- you can keep waiting for 22 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important, and this is the most important, and I want to leave you, is that the American President Title doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads to devastate, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of air vehicles are not crew and so on.
The reality and the story has led to the great title of great.
So at the end won the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other preoccupations of the Senate, the appearance of symbolism, well, it was a significant by the time.
But you know how many nations have now presenting?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate won and the House of Republicans, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them they're now the American President now.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, really change the words that what these words could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is charged from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of solid bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that catcher of male and stones are paralyzed with primitive tools.
Like others, I carry a little bit of red light on your head with this infrared elastic, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole from a meter that falls hundreds of meters on Earth.
He reported my hand, and suddenly I remember a minister that I met days before, who lost the control and he fell in that poor.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the depths of that hole risk their lives without pay, and often, dying.
I came out of that hole, and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Vandeland of Panel.
Among all the amazing people I met there met an asteroid from French the Slows, an NGO who dedicated to eradicating modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not such a grade.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad -- honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this attack of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I got a little bit of a stomach, and weeks later, I flew Los Angeles to meet the director of French the Slows and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them even considered my second home.
But this time, I would sell the dirty crops.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole treatment of transatlantic slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of 50,000 current days.
However, today you can enslave entire families by generations for dengue delivery 1972.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promise of good education and better work to find out that they're forced to work without pay, under violence, and cannot escape.
Today slavery operates in trade, goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are destroyed.
Scalay exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal -- I met brick horrors.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Darwinian International.
The subjects in a temperature of 54 degrees -- men, women, kids, in fact, the whole families wrapped in a heavy dust of dust -- they stack mechanically brick in their heads, to 18 at a time, and they take them from the heart airplanes to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
They described by the monkey and the cancer work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe depression made it quite intelligent.
So permanent the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to reverse it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera receives a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the abundance that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotion is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, anything.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already already.
I had to rely on French the Slows and work inside the system for his liberation and trust that they succeeded.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my shattered heart.
In the Himalayas -- I found kids running stones for miles for mountains to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big planes were more heavy than the kids who were carrying them and children put them on their heads with heart contracts made out of sticks, ropes and grasses.
It's hard to present something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so insisted, but so only the organization.
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been so all their life.
They have nothing to compare it.
When these villages were recruited by their freedom, the slaves took their homes.
When I heard the slavery word often we thought about sexual traffic and because of this global awareness they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina they accompanied women who had previously been sexual slaves.
I was led by some analogy stairs that were giving this dirty basement of light.
It wasn't exactly a library.
It was rather a restaurant.
Resonable, as you know in the office, they're local for force prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where slaves with their girls and kids, some of just seven years old, are forced to engage clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each set is dark and dirty, identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a bubble and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexually abused by their clients.
So standing in the penis, I remember a fear of adult adult -- and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a come out, the stairs where I went in.
There were no back doors.
There were no canvas big enough to prepare.
Those people don't have a science, and because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery even the sexual traffic -- happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurant in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
Texts are another activity that we often relate to a slave labor.
I visited Indian villages, where there were endless families enslaved in silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands are from the father, the talents of blue and red, of their children.
They mix ink in these big barrels and they dip the silk in the liquid to the counters, but the ink is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
We don't have freedom." They said.
"We still wait yet to be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay us our job."
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a ship, two older siblings, some younger kids, makes sense right?
Wrong. They were all space.
Kids are separated from their translators and the disaster and forced and forced to work extensive waste in these boats, even though they don't know swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up to be shake, he feared that her little canoe was supposed to.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling water.
The branches of the branches of the trees plunged in Lake Valley often catch networks and children, failing and scared -- they train water to get the branches apart.
Many of them are saved.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to happen, and as all life has been treated with cruelty, gradually treated the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they took the last networks, but they had been working on one of the one from one.
At night cold and sensons.
And I can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they are full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Koha.
Kofi was rescued in a forest village.
I met it in a refuge where French the Slow there are vertically vetting victims.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
Driven by a road in Ghana with French stations that the Salent, an abstract companion with its approach suddenly accelerated and supported our car and touch the window.
He asked us to follow it through a path to the jungle.
At the end of the road, we were inspired to get out of the car, and he asked the driver to go quickly.
Then I pointed out this barely visible smile, and he said, "This is the path, this is the path. Come up."
As we started down, we took the areas that were blocking the road, and after walking around one hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rains, so I put the pictures of photographs on my head as we took into these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the second path ended up absorbed in a clear of course, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with slavery workers.
A lot of women had kids tied up to their backs, and while they were looking for gold -- they walked into water windows with mercury water.
The market is used in the dung process.
These miners are enslaved in a pit somewhere in Ghana.
When they came out of the hall, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irrigable, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 meters and these people carry heavy pool bags that will then be transported to another area where they are going to kill the stone so they can extract gold.
At the first view, the site seems to be full of strong men and viruses, but if you look closer closely, to the margin we see other lucky ones and also kids.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the convention of mercury in a few years.
This is Manch. When his father died, he took him to work with him in mines.
When he died his uncle, Hannah inherit the debt of uncle what force him to be enslaved in mines.
When I met him, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the leg of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident on the menu, so severe that physicians said it should be adapted.
In addition to that, manual has tuberculosis, and not obsessed to that, it's forced to work night and day on that mine.
Even so, he dream of being released and educated with the help of local activists like French the Slows, and it's this kind of determination, on face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted them to know that we will take testimony of them and make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines. They're people, real people, like you, and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I happen that I don't think about these so many beautiful, battered people, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images take a force in who you see you, in people like you, and I hope that that force sends up a fire and that fire shine light on slavery because without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live on shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do application math and there's a peculiar problem for who makes it -- we're like management constitutions.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try and tell you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We dislike the virtues of the ballet and the classic dancers -- that we will see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease, gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Dan Strander who, in his time, was a diagnosed dancer stick.
In the last few years, it has been made a lot in treatment.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incredible weaknesses, temperatures, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and a certified metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markets. That's why blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a 20-year-old neurological exam.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, they never do it. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult trip to the clinic -- what if patients could do the exam themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars.
So what I want to propose to you as no conventional way to try and try it already, you see, in a sense at least, we are all virtues like my friend Dan Strategenolo.
This is a video of the vocal chords of vocal strings.
It shows somebody healthy while it emitted sounds as they speak. We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the genes needed. The Fillowing -- for example.
And, like the ball, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think the time he takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal chords as vibrate as vibrate and how Parkinson's affects the limbs also affect vocal organs.
On the bottom you can see an example of the irregular seal of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
That is valuable and weakness and region.
The speech becomes more quiet and separated after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these instruments compare to the voice with specialization clinical trials -- well, both of them are nonetheless.
The neurological test is not invisible. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do them.
Both of them are precise. Well, but also the based tests are not specialized in voice.
I mean, they can be adopted.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're a minimum cost and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears on a massive scale.
These are some incredible goals ready to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for the routine cheese.
With high frequencies we could get objective data.
We could make mass recycled reconstructing for clinical trials, and for the first time, factor footballs on a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomedical drivers of disease before it's too late.
So when you give the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Valley Initiative Initiative.
Together to Acuituanal and Palinas, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to tackle these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone or without Parkinson's, it can call low price and leave the recording for a few cents -- and I am pleased to announce that we've reached 60 percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max -- taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, could you say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What will you take from these samples?
Max Little -- yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease. TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people can not pass it. They may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very big sample of data collected in different circumstances, and to do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limited confusion factors in pursuit of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point?
MM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thanagic, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network also, what the project looks like. We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: It's an improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little public.
MM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographs in New York City.
We're creative creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do the most thin drinking models, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us on the press all the time, but some of us are really artist artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there was Hans Volvosture, in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Europe.
It's a little picture of fishermen located in the Philip presence of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the waves.
The water level recorded over 24 feet high, and over three miles lands inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastating.
We took rubble out of channels and sheets.
We cleaned up schools. We take the sludge and leave the houses to be reduced and residents.
We took tons and tons of dead fish -- long, power of local factory.
We were focusing and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers and neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pillars and cameras and cameras and cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
They collect them and take them to different places of people around to keep them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered for.
While they were out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village assessment center.
It helped clean the common toilets the big, giant barrels.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the stock center collected the photos.
And there they took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I go through my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the photos, I found some that were more than a hundred years old, and they were still in the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking as a record how to fix that transport and repair the raise and meet hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started to cut the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too stressed, but where the water had declared the face of the girl should be fixed with a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the stressed photo.
With the time of time, they came up with more photos, and they needed more records so it came into Facebook and Lindbergh and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries offered to help.
At the age of two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join together.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Redwood, a neighboring village north of January.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the temporal photographs that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they took in charge them is a different story, dependent on the device of the photos.
It could be an hour. It could mean weeks.
It could be involved in months.
This girl had to draw a daily hand by hand using the areas whose color and detail, the water had no destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged into seawater, covered bacteria, with algae -- all of that together with the time of time continued to destroy them, so cleaning them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the photo unless I was clean, dry and had been recruited by their owner.
We were lucky with the hand by hand.
We count the guidance of an additional neighbors.
It's very easy to harm even more pictures as well.
As a Windows once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was in relation to the photos.
He had begun to clean it herself but he stopped trying to realize it even further.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to reconstruct the images in a single picture and pick the whole picture.
When I collected his photographs shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the photographs in a firefighter station between the rubble so far where their home used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the process of closing the barriers to the waves.
He had to go inside the water while the signals were slowed.
His small kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
And the day he gave her photographs her youngest son was 14 years.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift that he could do it, something that he could go back to look, something that could remember from the past that would not have been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there, there were hundreds of them who helped us clean by hand over 13,000 photographs -- the big majority of them --  -- the big majority returned to their owners -- important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us bring back to 90 families from completely respected pictures and records.
For this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in terms of printers.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone else.
They are gardens of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take ourselves, but the first thing we would get to look at.
This was about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return someone to their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is back to somebody, it does a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also makes a big difference in the life of records.
Some of them connected to something bigger, to return something, using their talent for something that are not modeled thin of perfect skin.
In order to finish this email. I sent it Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was laughing, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, drove me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my newborn daughter, hangs out of our wall.
In the whole world, in all the few of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  Alliges.
Dr. Openness inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that pulls an apple in an exhibition of just one thousandth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to one million or a billion or a billion miles per second.
It shows you a new kind of photograph -- photographer, a new technique so fast that it can create video camera videos in motion.
And so we can create cameras that you can see after the corner, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really defy the idea of camera.
If I take a laser score and turn it up in a trillion second or a second, in several fertilizers to create a photo package of just a millimeter wide.
And that picture of photons -- that bullet -- travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common bullet is a common bullet.
If we take that balance and this photo package and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread into this bottle.
What's the aspect of light in slowly slowly.
Now, all of this --   remember, all of this happens in less than a nanotechnology is what takes the light to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
So Coca-Cola does not make this research.  They have a lot of things in this movie, to distill this information to show what is happening.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a picture of photons that starts to go through it, and that, inside, starts to disappear.
Part of the light goes down to the table, and we start to see these organizations.
A lot of photons finally come to the cap and then explode in several directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble.
At that time, the waves travel on the table, and because of the reflection of the top you see on the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that are focused on it.
Now, if we take a common and current balance and make it run the same distance and we see it on camera slow at about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit on that film?
One day? A week? Actually, every year.
It would be a very boring movie --  of a slow bullet in motion.
And what about testing with death nature dead?
You can see the waves that would be taken from the table, the tomato and the wall.
It's like throwing a pebble in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a photo, thinking about a memorial at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look again this shot, you will realize that, as the light complained from the tomato -- it's still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and light bounces in its interior, and it comes back after several trillion billion.
In the future, when this printer is in their mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it comes into very little light.
But we're going to be a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so you just get some light.
We sent that balance -- that package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very atom synthesizer, we took those gigabytes and we trained them automatically to create those reports that I showed you.
We can take all those data in raw and process them differently.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a sustainable future lets you see after the records?
The idea is, we could throw some light on the door. Robot, enter the room, one part will reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light robots.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left, it's our firm.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we will bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works so fast, our printer has unique capacities.
It has very good temporal resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it is to be aware of.
When you project a laser you can record a picture in burden, that you see on the screen doesn't really have any sense.
But we will take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we will put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounces and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before taking out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what is around the curve.
Or we could search for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
or we could build sparelies that we can see the insides of the body streaming occupations, and the same for careers.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood, this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a request to the scientists to start thinking about photographer as a new video visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
So as David Openness, he was a scientist, he turned science into art, a profit of all all abalonement photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes that we collected are not just for scientific visualizations, but we can.
Create a new form of computing photography with slow camera and colors.
And let's look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion percent.
But here also happens something fun.
If you look at the waves underneath the table, these are getting away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What's going on here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. And Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order of the events in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
It applies the corresponding deficit of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my cell phone.
A mobile can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a cell phone, it can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, turn it to Swelter and make famous.
This is all possible with a mobile.
I am an 1984 and living boy in Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people tried to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 -- imagine if all these people who have been trying to look for a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who of the present people have a mobile phone?
Get them up.
Raise your mobile phone, release them.
Get it up. A Android, a Blackberry, wall."
It's a lot. Almost everybody today has a mobile.
But today I'll talk about me, from my cell phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
But bureling data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
Data.
This directive says that every European phone company, every single Internet provider across Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who. Who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who he sent to.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information was stored by at least six months, and to two years, in its telephone company or its Internet providers.
And all over Europe, people got planted and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data research.
We want the pornography in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out on the streets of Berlin and said, "Life, not fear.
And some of them even said that this would be Stage 2.0.
The State was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can it store all this information about us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone, Dental Telescope, that at that time, was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please sent me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask you, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're sponsoring my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Dental Telecomplish said no, we will not give you this information.
At the end we signed up a deal.
I would get the demand down, and they send me the information that I said.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Trust failed the intelligence for the German law of the E.U.
So I received this ugly mass with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five hundred thousand lines of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this file.
It was a little sports. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retention means.
So next to Keith English and Open Data City, did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and zoom down, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Francisco in train to Colony, and what often I call on the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But of all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call them each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one another, and you end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to whom, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at first, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who participated in this protest, and if the Stanford had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, in conclusion, not the fall of the Harry Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But the authority and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for authority.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they come home to tell their friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century and it's not fashionable at all.
When you go home, tell your representation that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information will store from you.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile phones to remind you to remember that they have to fight the self-determination.
Thank you.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
I call myself Massachuse Zalmatic and I'm not a burning, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, separating the poor of me in the process.
And as a result, I have brain palsy, so it just ends up all the time.
Look at it.
It's advanced. I'm like a Sweeth mix.
And Muhammad All.
The P, C is not genetics.
It's not predicting can't be controlled.
No one called my mother's uterus, and I didn't hire it because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present people.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from a walk.
Christmas Christmas are in the commercial center, they drive in circles in pursuit and what do you see?
16 empty empty places.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little disability?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C is only one of them.
There was a clappy of the oppression -- I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian police, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Clarket, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain palsy, don't walk, but my parents don't believe in no counterpart."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it -- dance sandwich."
If my three senior sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were suing the school system and they made sure that I was also going to be, and if we didn't get rid of all of the notes, we all received my mother.
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my headlines on his feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me for present.
The surface I carried inside was very strong, and ...
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden walked like a boat champion that has received a lot of balls.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arab rates, and they remain all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians thought appropriate to use Odoo to Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be worried about a lot about starvation during the ramming.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three entire months without eating, so I will take the dawn of the dawn to attack is very easy.
I danced in Broadway.
Yeah, in Brazil. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tablets, so I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using heels, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass summer ratings on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine all summers -- we become March.
In the summer ratings often my father tried to save, so I drank milk milk -- put me hot on my back, sure me in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Wow, job."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga was a shower of supply that couldn't be standing out of foot.
And I can now stand in my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in General Hospital General Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona because it came into all the time.
It was like the pet lamp of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene of the crystal colony my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Balkant very slow in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming the four winds. He had a role paper."
I have brain parallel?
At the end. At the end.
Thank God normal, at the end I am free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to Joshua Brown it.
I went to implant running the director of the theater department, crying, historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, to ask him why and she told me why they believed that because they believed he couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts -- neither can the character."
It was a role for which I literally had born and gave it to an actress without brain paralysis.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a strong story of adding actors without disability for disabled paper.
When I graduated home, I came home, and my first actor tour was a stranger on a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a company and a better friend, in a sandwich.
Instead, I was there like a garden, I didn't see me more than the number, and it was obvious for me that reputation directors didn't hire government actors, not white, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at White Golia, Rose Barbie, Ella, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commercial.
That's why I was humor.
In my first tour I took famous comic comics from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first comics that I took when I fell in high speed by the New Jersey highway with a driver that had brain paralysis.
I worked on clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic, in East East, without censorship and without vehicle.
Some people say I'm the first monolithic in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Boston, and I launched the Federal Comedy Festival in New York City now in her 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative picture of the Rosable in the media and to remind the representative directors that Southeast and Arabic are not synonymous symptoms.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program with Keith Oliver.
I walked into a graduate dance -- they dragged me to a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and he said, "Five, four, three, two, two.
And we were live.
So I cling to the presentation of the speaker to get out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end I had my opportunity and the devale -- I knew they would not invite me.
But not only Mr. Olion came back to inviting me, but it was just like a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Oliver was that people on the Internet are scanned.
It's said that kids are grade, but they never get out of me or older or bigger.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a golf object.
I saw clips online with comments like, "Why template?
Is it reported?
And my favorite favorite population.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for her."
A comment suggested even that I added my disability to my robotics, really, comment, particular paralyzer.
Disappointment is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't do Beckett -- then Beck can't make someone in a wheelchair.
Disappointed -- yeah, clap, man. Come on.
We are disabled are the largest minority of the world, and the most supported ones in the world of entertainment.
Doctors said not to walk, but I'm here in front of you.
But having grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all society to teach our children.
My journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to visit the red carpet by the door of the Superman Lucky Telescope and the French Robert Robot.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandwich and work with my day, the incredible Dave Matthew.
It comes up the world and looking at the Arab worldwide.
I was delegated in preparation of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008.
And I founded "The children of Mars, a charity charity to give the kids to Palestinian refugee children, a part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I dedicated this talk to his memory.
Paralyzerborness.
I call me Massachuse Zalmatic, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a small village in South Somalia.
This village is near Monocope.
The drought pushes the small village to poverty and on the edge of starvation.
Without nothing there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Monocope, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunity, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Monday.
After maybe a year, nothing.
One day you get a gentleman who offers him to take it to lunch, after dinner to develop.
He knows a group of people, which gives him a disappointment.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to her family.
You introduce a young guy.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Monday, under a blue heaven, it bursts a car bomb.
That little boy of that little town with the dream of the great care was the suicide bomber -- and that dynamic group of people were al Shabaab -- a terrorist organization connected with al Qaeda.
So how do the story of a child in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him including?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that we would call "the "Discoverer period.
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the masses, the unemployed urban young people who are desperate in Johnny -- they trigger riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the period of hope.
For young people, the promise of the city, the big dream of the city is the opportunity of opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunity, the story of the experimental one, the access door to terrorism, to violence, to the pandemic, will be the history of the cities.
And in my hometown, Monday, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, doesn't go to school.
They don't do practically anything.
I went back to Monday last month, and I went to visit the Madional Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember going to that hospital ancestors to thinking, and if I never would have ever gone?
And if I'd been forced to be in that same period of hope?
Would I have become terrorists.
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Monday that month was actually to release a few juvenile leaders in a trade commercial.
They come up with a few Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mogadishu, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recycled.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Monday, the biggest obstacles to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the viable system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize them.
Adam saw an opportunity and applause.
A motorcycle company.
It started by applying motorcyclemes to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
He bought 10 motors, with the help of her family and friends, and her dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines for the next three years.
Why is this story?
So what does this story different?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new chance.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the period of hope.
It empowers young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so hard.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who assisted one of my meetings, Mohamed Mountain, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative, and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Monday has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad came along, if you wanted flowers for your wedding -- we were using plastic sent from abroad.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers foreground."
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It's a company of landscapes and floating design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Monday, and he began to grow telescopes and Linus lines, who said, could survive the hard weather of Monocope.
And it started the delivery of flowers for weddings -- creating gardens in houses, and the city companies -- and now it's working on the creation of the first public park for Montana in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Monday.
He wants to create a space where the families, young people, can go together, and like he says, smell the properties productive.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Muhammad had a really profound impact on young people.
They never had thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, his innovation really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
He encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be the artifacts of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified entrepreneurial solutions for local problems.
So inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need expertise and orientation to guide them into development and put in charge of their businesses.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, to boil the support they need to move from consciousness to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Her Peace Park is how it called it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
Adam hired kids in the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
I gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the partner of the waiting.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young people in entrepreneurs, they increase and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks from peace than autonomy and works.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adult Mountains -- an area left north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest companies.
The sun made the leaves glow as a violence, and not to be on the way that we were going, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings on the ground.
We get to our camp.
It was a controlled control with a beautiful crystal lake when I found something horrible.
Behind the control there was a grandmother, of about four square meters with apple heart balls that were populated by aluminum paper and old spider.
And I was announced, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
So the camps that were too lazy to take what they had been treated, who thought he would clean their grave?
That question followed with me, and it just blew a little bit.
Who clean our grave?
No matter how they organize or where they put our own game in Earth?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, to reason of 11,000 tons of waste and two thousand tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know it as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that job.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that car?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intellectual.
I needed to go further.
So I started working as a garbage recovery.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And he operated the mechanical rubble and the snow of the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to do in weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies were still pushing into the weight of taking over their tons tons of garbage every week.
It's also danger.
According to the Latin statistics Office is one of the most dangerous occupation of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and coming into the traffic all day and pass it around.
They just want to happen, so generally the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also, the crap itself is filled with dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the relentless of garbage.
When you get out of the cradle and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stopped coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that the waste collections are the most important workforce on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of the waste in a efficient and effective way every day, this starts to be destroyed from their contents and their inherent dangers threatened us in very real forms.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries back and start to dance.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing we don't have space for what the motors in the economy begin to fail when it's in danger danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointing its relationship.
And then it's what I call our daily average speed need.
And with that, I just mean the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, and we don't repair or clean or take us out of our coffee cup, our bandwidth -- our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know there is a work force on the other side that will fit out of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost small.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out in the face of ourselves, from our own waste, our waste, and that flow should always stay in a way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I listened to the group of a waste collection truck on the street, grabs my little son and downloaded the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycled trajectory as he did all the microbes.
And I tried to thank you for doing your job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and he just nodded and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that I started investigating the release collection, and I came back to see that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as species, we need to include all cost, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
The municipal waste -- what we think when we talk about trash, represent three percent of the amount of waste of nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one who sees somebody whose job is to clean up the garbage of you, just a moment to recognize them.
Have a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life by making part of the environment where architecture born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia, and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analytics from different perspectives become an essential part of the end work of architecture.
The first example began with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in Ethiopia, Addis Abe.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, and my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out forever.
After seeing some of these buildings there are a lot in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to fix.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to use a lot of energy because the glass with Christians generates heat inside the interior, so it's necessary to be a lot of energy.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for every year.
And thirdly, your aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Egypt.
It's a pene trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really captured with the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every single day.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced by installing the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets by putting all the input into the building.
And this spreads with an ancestor that creates an open-air space in the building that are abalted, by its own shape, the sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do we close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I got to think about a similar tissue to a power shell.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the expensive searching.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade of it.
We're building that with these little ready-made pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a way controlled inside the building.
This is completely completed with these little colored crystals that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we said.
But ultimately, we all realized that this market idea turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because ultimately there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade, it was much more economic -- not just because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it didn't need to have air conditioning.
So we get some savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy power for building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels, we think about the roof as a new public space with gathering areas and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these portions on the roof, which is in charge collect water for the health hearts.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest that I have designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 100 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation, we did it was to expand the existing streets -- creating 12 similar blocks similar in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards of Europe.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of international doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's normal, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we got a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with caps, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians in the plane.
And it also responds to local norms that are establishing a greater density on top levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like managing the community in space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can climb up and socialize, and make such an activities like running a two-year-old career in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies to the same pace that the buildings grow.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions, but all of which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had large amounts of hair very bright and a little bit of line, nice. It was super strong for the capital of states, very good for orgasm.
I ended up that year and I was full of clones, until I took my sinister plan.
I was just a day after the school came out of school. I was a little late and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was disappeared, I walked into the classroom, took the table of my teacher the book of grades.
And then I did it.
I alter the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some of them.
All of them.  And I took my book back to the box, but to see, some of my other teammates had very good notes as well.
So in a fragment, I cut the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of them out of God and myself a row of So, just to be there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why you never caught me.
It was all absolutely obvious enough.
I never found me.
But above all, I found myself the reason why I was annoyed that this child, so small, it was so good for orgasm.
I was intrigued by the jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so permanent.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also, primate birds are very proposed.
We know that the skies are the number one cause of cancer murders in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed the loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to the fiction, because novels are like the laboratory that the skies are studying in all possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no ice infected -- no "Disease?
There would be no queen, no million and nine."
There would be no Shakespeare.
They disappear, the reading list of secondary school, because we would be losing "The noise and the Furband, there would be no Gabbyo or "Free or "Freedom." We would lose "March Booken" and "Annance K.
No clients, no Propage -- I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost it has all of them.
This year you spend 100 years of their masterpiece, "A loss of longer, the most exhaustive study of sexual jealousy, and also from ordinary competition, my gosh, everything we could have.  And thinking about Proust -- we have the sensitive details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think about a magnetic magic on your range.
We forget about how hard it is that image.
We forget about how relentless it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Woods said were as hard as cat therapy.
I don't know how the cat team is, but we assume it's super-resident.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy, and Promote.
It's going to be very obvious as the skies that are reduced to the person, to their desire, to their meals, are a good narrative good?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel rut.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about the life of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
It's going to be the storytelling and the audience, we know exactly what details to include the knife, right?
The skies make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Proust understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another, perhaps right now."
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Sheina senses in his lover, he adds it to her collection of instruments of torture in her private camera.
You have to admit that Sanga and Propulation, they were notoriously scan.
You know, Project TV would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so helpful to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The skies are substituted.
It's a hunger emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the climbers?
The skies are born from information.
The skies use the details.
The skies like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and little stick of legs.
The skies are born from the photos.
This is why Instagram is so successful --  Proully links the language with the clients.
When Sheineady is in his chairs of cells, he suddenly heard behind the doors and bribe to the survivors of her lover, so he decides those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that this is disgusting, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monkey.
He says, "There are scientific research with real intellectual value.
Proup is trying to demonstrate that the skies are integrated and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are pursuit of knowledge -- a truth of the truth, a real painful, in fact, to what to Proust consciousness, the more painful truth the truth, the better.
Paralyous, humiliation loss, loss -- these were the pathways of Protony.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, it causes us a range of much deeper and vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested in.
Is it telling us that we are going to look for criminal women.
No. I think it's trying to say that the skies reveal us ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotional emotion reveals us our individuality, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look with such a peculiar intensity.
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very nice young young man who consumed with the idea that her wife was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, without notice, involuntary behaviors.
Do you smile too much, or do you accidentally steal with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the contact of his wife.
novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how the skies make us look with intensity, but without accuracy.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I believe, the skies take us to do violent or illegal act.
The skies urge us to behave in completely ignored.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
One woman in Michigan about 52 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one that was sent to violent messages to itself, for a year.
For a year. Every year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend. I have to confess that when or this, reacted with administration.
Because we are realistic.
What's massive, although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a New Hampshire novel.
Himbassan is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the author of "The Strangers in a Tran, and "The talented Sea Refflection." books that are trying to deal with how jealousy, trust our minds, and once we are on the sphere, in the middle realm, the membrane that separates what might be, can be drilled in a second.
Let's take Tom Richard, her most famous character.
Tom Right is going to want or want what you have to appreciate from your self and to copy what you ever have, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, it takes your ring, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Rosetta Right route.
I can't give you all the world, as much as sometimes I want.
It's a pity, because we live in time of envy.
We live in time of jealousy.
I mean, we are good citizens from social networks, where the coin is envy. Right?
The novels show us the step out? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they are to a mystery.
Let's go to the 21st Street of Baker Street and ask for Shakespeare Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think about the curse in Professor March, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred "The Seathernet Steven, the head face of Schwarzhe Darwin who needs Hollywood desperately needs the genius of Hollywood, but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Star needs its help, but the researcher, and bubble with sample in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and then finally in "The Six Naposon, once you go into the Steven Carpensentless, sleep to all with its solution, Star comes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not jealous -- Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him there's no person in Schwinker Yard who didn't want to shake his hand.
It's one of the few times we see Hollywood translated in history. I think this really emotional. That scene also is mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the skies as a geometry problem, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is on the opposite side of Starbuck.
The next minute they are in the same side.
All of a sudden, Seather is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the skies are really a geometry, just a question of where we are allowed to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to be aware of the greatness of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like controller plans.
So while we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Only the fiction.
The fiction used the dimensions, invites them to the table.
And look what additions, the Araqie sweet, the terrorist Tom Richard, the crazy Shanghai, the same Marcel Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Augustine Canada of Apollo 11 and discovered on the Marine Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the surface of the Moon surface was the culmination of a controversial collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest movement in peace time in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave up a 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the final Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on their surface, which Salate after the death death last year, is now the oldest old.
So, why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot back. 350 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 will enjoy later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rio in 1962.
John F. Kennedy -- and some questions, why is the moon the Moon?
Why would it become our goals?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain up?
35 years ago, why will I fly on the Atlanticing?
Why do Rio play Texas?
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Ponal, for the computers, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West about the east, in the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was the one to wonder the power of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trials.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police would be eradicated, and the smallpox.
Technology seemed to be what Alvin Tolerant was in 1970 called a a airplane "form."
For most of the history of mankind, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a sailing ship, but in 1969, the Apollo crew crew 10 flew to 40,000 miles a hour.
Since 1970, no human is back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimism of optimism about the power of technology has been expanded by seeing that the technology would solve as going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world's population seem to have been interrupted.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 shot.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the screen of the salary Saturn V.
I really knew that this would be the last lunar mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that one of our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists had been distracted and had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a purple explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that they've created less ambitious companies than those of the years that Intel Finder, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused that the creation of transformed ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their place not to worry about the risk, they preferred little investors -- tiny investors that they could go out in 10 years.
Children have always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies as energy, that they need tremendous capital, and whose development is long-term -- they have never invested in developing technologies intended to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that would never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biofuels. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biofuels.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price.
Now, technologists and entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and treaties and international treaties will incentivize the development of an alternative energy, mainly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy in America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological, it turns out not to be.
We know for a long time that the females are results of failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like the harvest or the systems for the storage and report of food, but there will be females while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes roll a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but we soon found that there are many kinds of cancer, some highly resistant kinds of cancer, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present -- the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, institutions must support the solution: it must be really about a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, meets with those creatures.
But it's a brilliant model in the future.
We're not 1961.
There is no generally controlled competition like the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy who hurt how difficult and dangerous, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was only three days.
And it really wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Now, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by reminding you the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become close to our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recovery, there has been a huge decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal. We should have more trust.
And the third is a task. We should recover trust.
I think the recovery, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a recovery, a goal and a task -- that I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think trust has discovered.
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I was unable to think that it can have been diminished in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to opinion surveys, and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people that were designed 20 years ago, mainly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same disconnection.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago is still quite reliable. Grandmother, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen in the street is almost exactly halfway on the road.
But is this enough evidence of life?
What the opinion polls are recording are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see are the gene attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Does trust in politics, trust in teachers.
Now, if somebody asked you, "Do you trust them in the green?
You trust the fisheries?
You trust the primary teachers.
You probably start to wonder, "What do you do for?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some of them, but in other people."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deploy trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, function or type of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say that I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most precious friend to keep a conversation, but no, perhaps, to get a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our daily lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to integrate good judgment to the fact that you trust something or somebody.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
And frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would pursue for.
I would be willing to have more trust in what is deserve to trust, but not what it isn't.
In particular, I'm a participant of not trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who took their savings with the very closely called Mr. Madova, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yeah, yeah, they were too confused.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Treating depressing or negative negative, that's the right goal.
Once you say it, it says, yeah, okay, that's what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is to make a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competing? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competent in the periodic matter, and it's responsible and honest then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible for you, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but it doesn't trust them to take a letter to mail because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competitions.
And I'm really glad to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely destroyed.
If it's like this, I still haven't been left.
But that's what we're looking for -- reliable before trust.
Trust is the answer.
Concern is what we need to judge with.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier the task of judging their reliability.
A lot of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than the seatee in you."
And we found the same problem in all our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trust trust and transportation testing, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they make the work of the people who have to do hard tasks like the parts, and they demanded them to drive the chairs, as we say.
Sure, you all know similar examples.
Everything that, by the goal.
I think the goal should be more conflicted, and that things would be different if we tried to be worthy of trust, and we would transmit people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or policy are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitude, what it doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
It's going to call the task reconstruct trust, put things on the band.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of conflict.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, ultimately, it's distinctive because we have other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough foundation so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't get dreams, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to take female evidence that you are worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That makes it every day, everywhere, it does ordinary people, functional, institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks say I can give them back without giving explanations.
I take them and give me the money, or they change me by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you are worthy of trust and you're trust in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're pointing is not very hard to discover.
In what people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been striving by reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be apart.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly, and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to all.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes inside the digital space, so that when the optimistic form against the screen transfer its physical body to pixels.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers apart.
But the two hands still stay out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands?
In the District Spines division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Cate Bolinet, he wrote the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent visit with depth cameras to detect the toes and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as taking a book of a state.
You can tap the book and pull lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that there is below every floating screen.
The architects can stop or rotate their pet directly with their hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the paper and make digital information come into us?
Unfortunately, many of us will have bought and delivered things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual Internet speaker.
This is the vision that you get from a device lying in your head or transparent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
How would a future look like this?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Islam and my collaborator, Remins Post, created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet, is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both computer and users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simply, what we did was we put gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical action and detectors.
And when we digitally program the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and reproduce and stay in the physical world.
You can teach phosphorus choreography and distance and famous take Michael Jordan can play as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike the monitors or the textbooks -- this is a real, palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without us to worry about our world.
We start talking today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a girl for two years in Hungari, China in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all the expenses paid.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they really believed that there was only a close path to happiness -- a safe job and a good thing.
No matter whether the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese signal.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
An opera singer has to start training from very young people to learn the aircraft, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote the director of school and the speaker of a radio program.
But at any adult I would thank you the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, no authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream never got done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved looking for another calling.
No one around me want to teach me? Okay.
Books recover.
"To the Colora Comedy, from Santa -- "The School -- "The Score, of Nairobi California, in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Great Earth is about Chinese campaign life.
And it's not propaganda conventional. Understand it.
The Bible is interesting, but weird.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revealing, "You honor your father and your mother."
"Great, I said, "It's so different, and much better than obey it."
So it became my tool to come out of this kind of concentrated blame and to reset the relationship with my parents.
I found a new culture also gave my comparative reading habit too.
It brings a lot of perspective.
For example, at first, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn.
I never had occurred to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion reading is not something new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps as a comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if comparative reading worked for research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two to two.
They can be about people "Jewish Franklin, in David Islands, who were involved in the same thing, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation are economic, politics and spiritual.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychologists, lunch, fear and social duty, interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Campaine Tunky, Thomas Mercedes, instead of losing in the translation, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "Internet in Chinese literally means "fantasy," Jay."
And "New Chinese, in Chinese literally means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know not to feel just or powerless ever.
Having a destroyed dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered.
I have come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
The most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
So far it can do that for you.
And it's thanks to books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So the books always admit them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychologist of psychotherapy.
I was a Ph.D. student in a clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using jeans and a collapse to take a couple of tourists, he stood in the couch of my office took the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so quiet.
My class companion had a card as a first client.
And I had a region that I wanted to talk about men.
I believed I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the childhood stories that Alex brought up to the sessions, he was easy to move their head while we were carrying the solution.
"The trends are the new versions, he said, Alex, and so I saw her, she was right.
You start working afterwards, you go home later, you have kids later, even the death happens later.
For managers like Alex and I had a time of a string.
But soon later, my survival pushed me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resist.
I said, "Of course, it's coming out with guys below your category -- you come up with a hollow head but it's not as if you're marrying him."
And then my superconductor said, "No, but maybe it's married with the next one.
In addition, the best time to work in the marriage of Alex is before it got headed."
This is what psychologists call a "Law moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yeah, people feel head after what they were used to, but this didn't make the 200 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made that the years of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem and had real impacts, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for careers and families and future from vertebrate everywhere.
There are 50 million managers in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if nobody comes to adulthood.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s, right?
I want to see the regions here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with regrets, you love a settlement, you take the dream a leader, I want to see -- it's all right.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences and "moments, who give her life will have happened to when they have 30 and so many.
People from more than 40, don't go into panic panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will gain.
We know more than half of Americans are married or living or coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final growth of growth in its 20s, and it's replicated for adults, which means that if there's something that you want to change itself, now is the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s, than at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their endgame at 28 and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which its life and common life has a depressed impact on the person that will become converted in.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the regions are listening.
newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20th an extended adolescence.
Pediatricians are doing ridiculous names for regrets like Twitters and "down."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a tragedy that actually is the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernery said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not true?
What do you think when you pat a seal in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every single day, smart regrets, interesting like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't tell me. I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that while you start a career before the 30, everything will be OK."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20th are for finished and yet I have nothing to show you.
I had better surgery the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quote during the 1920s, were like the chair of the chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the '30s, it shuts up the music and everybody started sitting down.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be stuck, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30.
Where are the regions here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme but not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s -- there's a huge pressure to the triangles and so many of you to start a race, choose a city, pick up a mate, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
A lot of these things are not computer, and there are investigations that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything overnight.
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your child.
A lot of trucks and quarantine people see themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the regions are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emmanuel.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or in entertainment, but he still couldn't decide -- so I spent the last few years working as a designer.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend, which showed more afraid than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried frequently in our sessions, but then she lifted herself to say, "One doesn't choose her family, but she can choose his friends."
Well, one day Emma came up his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I just bought a new bookstore for director, and he had spent every morning coming up with her many contacts, but then he was seeing the empty space that followed after the words "In the example, "Please call "me."
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who is going to care about if I give me cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "Me?
What Emma needed was not a television that really cared about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his chance.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decade of Emma was coming in.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of us, man or woman, deserve to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget that crisis crisis and get identity capital.
For identity, I mean to do something that adds value to their person.
Do something that is an investment in what you want to be after.
I didn't know the future of the Cameron career, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates information of identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of the country, of that company that they want to test.
I'm not slowing up the reverse exploration, I'm taking away the exploration that I shouldn't count, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's productive.
I said to Emma that I would explore jobs and make them tell you.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are served.
The best friends are great to take the airport, but the regions that are joining with friends with similar minds are limited by who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new capital piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes from their closest circle.
New things come from what they're called the weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yeah, half the regions have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half not, and the weak links are the way of collaboration to this group.
Half of the jobs are never published, then, to know the head of your neighbor is how to get a non-violent job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a region, Emma will soon choose his family, when he has a partner and shape her own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel head than the 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live right now, or you find out now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
So to choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just doing it in a place or killing your time with who you choose to you.
So what happened with Emma?"
Well, we looked at that director and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived.
Now, five years later, it's special organized of events in museums.
This married with a man who elected constantly.
I love his new career, love his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the space contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love about working with regrets.
It's very easy to help.
The regions are like airplane planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport, which comes out somewhere in the West.
Just before the shot, a slight fits in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Fish.
In the same way, at age 21, at the age of 25, even at 19, a good conversation, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the regions that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling you to regions like Emma every day. The trends are not the new 20, and they get their adult capital, use their weak ads, choose your family.
They don't let them define why they didn't know or what they didn't know.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in the management of a job that was even more expressive, the doctor.
I went to teach you mathematical self-controlled students in New York City public schools.
And as any professor, I applied tests and trials.
I give them tasks.
When the job comes back, he calculated grades.
What called me the attention was that C wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have CD continuings.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that made me thinking.
The kind of things that they need to learn in mathematics in seventh degrees, safe, are difficult, propositions, decisions, the area of a paralyzer.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several more years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's C, but what if you succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn faster and easy to learn.
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Pool.
We tried to predict what the strings are going to stay in military training and who would be retailed.
We went to the National Concert of Delateria, and we tried to predict what kids are going to get the farthest possible on competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective thing to improve their students' learning.
We partnered with private companies, wondering, what about these marketers are going to keep their job of work?
and who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature came up as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't C.
It was the definition.
The determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to train their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students that made my determination questionnaires and then waited around over a year to see who they graduate.
It turns out that kids with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduate growth, even when I broke them in every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that they felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or at the National Concert of Delate where the determination matters -- it's also in school, especially for kids in risk of advanced it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little bit that knows science about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do we develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a nice ethical silence?
How do you keep them motivated for the long plane?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  So what I know is that talent doesn't give them a determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, determination is commonly not related or even related to the talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Down, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed.
Dr. Derek has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to the challenge, they are much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't believe that that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop definition.
But we need more.
And that's where I'll finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to get wrong, to start all again with the learning lessons.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more different.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan, like the daughter of a category, one of my most attractive memories is my mother showing the beauty, the way and the Chinese characters.
Since that time, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign outside, it seems to be as impregion as the Great China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can draw this wall, so that anyone who wants to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be helpful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since only five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, researchers of restaurant, understanding the basic idea of web pages or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's pounded.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
Person.
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming, "Are I being settled. This symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe it's in the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
Tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors from a continuum in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walked back, that's "I will follow.
As the ancient said, two are company, three are multidel.
If a person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was so big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped in.
It's a prisoner -- such as Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idea.  Easy to remember, as a tree is a pretty idiot.
Remember the fire.
Two fire together, it makes it very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burned.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, proposed.
Three together, those are flags.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. And so ...
A door. Put a board inside the door, it's the corner of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Touch there is someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, scanning, empathy.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing it.
Three women together, they have care is audience.
So we've already gone for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical ones will allow them to build 32 percent.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters, which is the same as learning an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after I met the characters, we start to create sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to origami, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese companies destroyed their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, exile.
A mouth that tells you where to leave is a output.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad is the movies that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Obama magician together.
The film mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glindan, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic wand, and take a magic wand, and take a magic room.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our kids in a kind of industrial complex design show.
However, Oz magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a fifth years later with me, curiously another film whose protagonists whose protagonists and a metal boy and a furry boy rescued a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yes.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there are a couple of big differences between the ocean of Oz and all the movies we see today.
One is that there are very little violence in the Ocean magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Wizard magician was done today, the magician would say, Doron, you are the Obama salvation as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated military computers.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Obama magician is that the most heroic characters, wise and even Villages are women.
I started noticing this when I did see Star Warses to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a son.
It's only three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the surface level had gone down.  And so it got into the room and I was impressed as a leg mom with his papers behind it, and I didn't think he understood what happened, but indirectly, I absorbed everything.
I wonder what it was.
Would they be value and performance and legislation?
Would you have the feeling that Luke would join an army to bring the government?
So let's compare this with the 1989 magician of 1987.
How did Dorothy win Downstare.
By doing good girls with everybody and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow Ober, okay?
Why is there so much fossil force for the films for our children, and so little on the path of yellow lineages.
There's a lot of literature about the impact of the male violence movies in the girls, and they should read. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulation.
I know for experience that Princess Lew didn't provide the right framework that had been served to navigate the world of adults, which is blended up.  I think at the moment of the first kiss, I really expected the credit to begin to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have novelty.
Why are they standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films focus on defeat the window and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and to defend the Disney princess before any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they, the boys, are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy. But they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely as Herbic and Katrina, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful topic of all time continues to appear in classical after classical after the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and her son, or two men who raised a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, eventually it came out.
It's going to recommend all of you. It's already available in shops.
Remember what the critic said when he came out Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has done a movie of a price.
It's very good. Don't let it stop it.
Well, almost none of these films pass the Beijing test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet run roots and already spread up, but perhaps today, we'll start a movement.
Alan Beijing is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of mine on the assessment of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the movie, there are more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Your conversations are about something more apart from the guy than you just like it?  Right? Thank you.  Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I have seen it, and I have seen it, and yet really I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality movie, Angeles.
Right? Rues of Oscar -- a sense of consent of what is a Hollywood Hollywood movie.
Virtually not the Beijing test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an ambassador where men and women are hiding during the redundance crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have profound and painful conversations in this school, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "You come to bed, car?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 more popular movies -- how many of them think they have female prototypes?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we have recently elected for Congress, so it's fine.
But there is a bigger number than this one who's going to disappoint this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in his life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think movie films have something to do with that.
I don't think the videos of music or pornography are closely linked but something wrong with it, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things that I think is there is a lot of sexual airplanes.
Who are those guys? What are those guys?
What do you not do to learn?
They're looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence, and then charging the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and not talking about?
Are we seeing that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our device as a police play, and we expect that to help, but I have to wonder, but I have to wonder, and it turns out policy is going to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively activity, are we educating our kids to maintain their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new new definition of shoulder.
The definition of marketing is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the assembly.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what her favorite character of Star Wars was.
Obama.
Obama Kenya and Black.
What's in common these two?
Maybe it's not just bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that they know more than anybody, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them attain their potential.
They're leaders.
I like those kinds of stories for my daughter, and I like those kinds of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories in which I tell my child, "Go and fight just and more stories where you see his work is to join a team, perhaps a team led by women, helping other people better improve and better people, like the Wizard of Oz Ocean.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered by sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started looking at ways and patterns that helped me to harvest them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and archeology.
And finally when I started studying school, I realized that seeing with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length alongside the Nico.
And my sea cookies had grown up the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
In order to try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do anything else.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared influence.
This is a place located in the eastern eastern of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, to the naked view, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like rid bright.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptian.
I want to share with you how we have used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Algae, lost for thousands of years.
Okayne was the capital of the ancient Egypt for more than 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Familo, Egypt, and it's really important, because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Anto was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that build them, tucked inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge rainfall plan.
This area is enormous, it measures about 6.5 miles per mile.
Before, the Nick flow right next to Asphim and as it changed over time, he transferred to the east, and he covered the whole city.
So how do you find a self-controlled city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it in random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves and using balloon.
So we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nichola flows out.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we think could be the location of August.
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing sample work, you can see it here.
When I say showing you, it's like the sample shots in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for layers of human obstacles.
Five meters down, below a thick layer of soul, we found a dense layer of central objects.
This means that in this possible location of Isaba, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation for several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period we think is Okay.
We also found work work, coral, quartz and cat -- what shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Media Empire jewelry -- these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that goes from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Italy here, but let's go back to the place in a nearby future to localize it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to engage young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make big discoveries.
I want to end up with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in IQ four thousand years ago.
Sharing knowledge is the largest of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984 D. C.
And so that the ideas actually happened in 1984 B.C. in a lost city not for a long time and found out from the top.
It certainly puts the killer search on perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's made.
Now envision a group of obese nodes in bicycles.
They're competing in a street of bicycles and they're going to address their entry door.
I need you to see this really true.
They're preventing strong, they're sweating, they go out a lot.
And they collide up against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go on to their side, rays of the wheels that end up in abstract places. They pass the door of the door.
On the lobby, the past, or whatever there is on the other side of the door, and you see the quality of light, the light light on the Mountains Monday.
He's waving them with their hand.
It's from his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse I talk.
You can feel your blue hair by doing it in the nose.
You can smell the pool of air and pass that is about to get into the mouth.
They go on the side and they enter their living room.
So in the room, and doing maximum use of their imagination, imagine Britney Speeds.
It's with a little bit of clothes, dancing over his center of center, singing "To "Baby, Mary Time."
Now take me to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven, they come to you, Doron -- the Man of Horring, the Sparelook and the lion of "The Wizard of Obama, grabs of hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring.
It's called the Memorians Memorial Comment."
I went to cover this event a few years ago, as a scientific journalist, hoping -- that this was like the end of a supermarket supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorized the names of tens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems.
They were competing to see who he could memorize with more rapidly.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people have to be phenomena.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Court who had come from England and have one of the best trained memory.
I asked him, "Hey, when you realize that you were a knowledge."
Ed replied, "I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have a average memory.
All of those who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained ourselves to make these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Cyrus used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize the entire books.
And my reaction was, "OK, how did you have heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition, and Ed who is a wonderful English English English English English English -- although a little bit excited, he said, "John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spine?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I'd like to teach Britney Speeds how to memorize the order in a live living deck in national television on the national television deck.
That would test the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Spine, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start by something not it?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why it does not work and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called EPA.
He's amazing, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Pepiel. He was based on Dutch Forest paper in the movie Ray Man: Man.
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing telephone books.
And when I came back, I read a lot of treaties about the written memory over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctic and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained and disciplined and culture was not a thing as rare as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
We have changed culturally and I would say that they've also changed us.
As we almost don't have any need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate by this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and farmed is this very singular competition of memory.
It's actually not so significant, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College College invented a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or anti-computer different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Is it more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory companies and the control subjects that were comparing them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they climbed their brains while they memorized numbers, faces and shows of snow, found that in memory champions were lit parts of the brain, different to others.
In effect, they used to, or they seem to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we could learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driving as an armed career where every year comes up with someone with a new way to remember more things, faster quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must get a day.
This is my friend Ben Prime, three-time mammality.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 cards of descended chips that he's about to try and memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only he mastered it.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 41 random binary digits.
Yes. Yes.
And as there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end of a single concept that psychologists call underlying communication.
It illustrates with an elegant park known as the Barbie Park Park -- "I tell two people to remember the same word. I tell you. Remember, there's a man called Back?
That's his applause.
And then I asked them, "Remember there's a Babbarket "Bathemal?
And when I go back later, and I ask you that word that I told you a late?
"Do you remember what it was?
The person he told her name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who told her work is "Bathemical?
The same word, different memory ability? That's weird.
What's going on here?
Well, the name Baker, doesn't really mean anything for you.
And with all the other memories that dance on their head.
But the word, "Bathemal? We know paradoxics.
They use simple white hats.
They have flour.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when I first heard that word, for the first time, we started putting physical engineers to fish them easily at some point.
And one of the most elaborate techniques to do this data from 2,000 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "Park market?
The story says this: There was a poet called Symboside who assisted a banker.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't go to a DJ -- it was hired to a poet ...
He stood up on his feet, he got his memory poem, and he got married, and so soon he went out, the bandwidth came out of the banker.
So killing them all.
But not only killed them, but it destroyed bodies leaving them.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
They couldn't be able to bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simons, standing outside, only survived, in the middle of the rubble -- closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, he could see where she had been sitting every winter.
He took the families in the hand carrying them where their loved beings were loved between the rubble.
What Simons did at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intellectually, and it is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or telephone numbers or instruction words for the words of our colleagues, we have visual memory and fantastic space.
If I asked you to give me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Syndrometic -- it's really likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who I was sitting on the brown horse in his vehicle, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember. The more crazy things, the more crazy and decreased, failure, scary and sticky, is the picture, more unstable.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, the first memory treaties in Latin.
And how does it work?
So let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it in memory, in the same way that you had done it Circle if you had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And to imagine some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unseen picture to help you remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely income competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Golds Monday mounted on mysterious E.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Color.
And then you would see Britney Speeds to remind you that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they talked about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember.
This is how the Roma speakers memorize their speech, not word for words, that will confuse you, but typical by typical types.
In fact, the term typical comes from the Greek goods.
It's a reflex of when people thought about the organization and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase in the first place, it would be like the first place in its memory capital.
I saw that this was just fascinating and I stood up with that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this competitive memory subculture subject.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a politically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting sitting out taking exams. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massive the front.
I'm a journalist and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning before I sat up to see the New York Times just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the names of an ancient school year bought in a police market.
And I found that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would never have expected it to be.
It was fun, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is to improve more and more and more and more of the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, cameras, protocols, instantaneous, angry and rare undersead, in the eye of mind.
I was really hooked.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of editing gaps and some security glasses covered with just two holes leaving just two holes because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could come in, in sort of a participatory newspaper experiment.
I thought this could serve a good room for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won my contest -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and you list shopping, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks. Translations that work.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build papers from memory or memorize cards of boats, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be a gift donor, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we are deeply focused.
The paper of memory, these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep process, sort of a complete attention that most of them don't go through there.
But the reality is there are no shortcuts.
This is how things get memorial.
And if there is something I want to leave you today, it's what Egypt, the amazing that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence by losing in the Blackberries or iPhone, not paying attention to the human in front of us, who is walking on our side. Are we so hanging that we don't even bother in processing in deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remember remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk today about the last 30 years of the architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we will tackle just a complex place. New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from 9 -- Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents' home in a town called Links, and this was my child bedroom.
On the corner, from my dorm -- was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my dorm and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there everybody was going to look at the television -- so every time I went from my bedroom to the bathroom, they all looked at me. And every time I told me, and I went back on a towel -- everybody saw me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward and insecure, and I hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balcony band, hated that room, and that house.
That's architecture.
Like it.
Those feelings -- those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics or about area division, but of those visceral connections, emotion that we feel in the places that we occupy.
And it's not surprising we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
So it's 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize ourselves.
It makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it tells you, they think about power, standard and democracy."
And I know that they think about it as well as based on a building building a hundred thousand years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a trigger that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we have used this trick for a long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
See, these stable solidables, solid, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very helpful because building things is terrifying.
It's costly, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the urbanization and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
That's why we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Library Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, it has a dome. It has this sound redundant, columns light, red brick, who let us get what Livingstone tries to communicate with this building -- children -- property values history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, came up with another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries -- are they so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the public.
On one side there is innovation -- the architects that are constantly pushing new technologies, new types, new solutions for current life.
We compare, we push and we push so much, we get completely removed from people.
All black, this is depressed us. You think we feel very well, but we're dead in the way because we don't have any choice.
We need to go on the other side and come back to connect with those approaches to them.
So we do it, and we are all happy, but we feel like translations, so we start to experience again, we make the public back on the back, over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "Britain."
It's got to do with the concrete.
You can guess.
Small windows, in depressing scale.
Something really hard.
So we came up with the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum back in the other direction.
We take those ways we know that they like and update them.
We add needle and add cake and use new materials.
They love it.
We don't have an app.
We take Chicago arms and turn them into skyscrapers that can be medical caps made of glass.
The shapes were shot, they won in audacity and color.
The dunes became columns.
The Indians grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the face in commercial hubs, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, to the French, or the Italian.
You can possibly have a bread of bread sticks.
This is what happens with power.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because rather than creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Toxic thing.
This is Ohio.
The architects are frustrated and we start making the pendulum happen again in the other direction.
In the '80s, in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called decoration.
We decline the historical symbols, now we have new design techniques that are assisted by computer, and we find new components, ways that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and immigrant, and it's super popular -- one is totally exclusively.
Normally the permanent pandemic again on the opposite direction.
But then something surprising.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Guardian of Biologist, from Frank Georgia.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul George said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when scientists, academic and public and public in general, they completely agreed about a building.
The New York Times daily calculated this microbial construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 250 percent when the building ended the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architecture.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and rational, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the means were galvanized around them and rapidly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism.
We have created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing did the major mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the new millennium came with other star architects.
It happened to Gamma and Linkedis, and what happened with these few elite architects on the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to go with all the architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accelerating, they can take a ship -- an airplane can be tourists.
The technology approached -- you can see in the newspapers, on the television and at the end, all of us are architecture photographers and the building becomes beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so rapidly.
It's not very much accurate to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before we know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Transportation wasn't a two-year-old movement but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they did it.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we are on the top of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant, steel or lift, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the publisher to media media, it starts to get faster and faster, until you get in both extremes almost in simulation, and it's effectively destroyed the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instant, with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'll teach you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to substitute this building that went on.
This is the center of a village called Pinks in the state of New York City.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to get and shared in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you did the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes corruptions with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell you what we think about architecture, because digital media not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those Library libraries.
If that building is built today, first we go online to find new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, innovation, about what a library can be.
That's manufacturers.
Munics that can lead to the mayor of Linkedia, to the people in Linki, and tell you that there is no single answer to what can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
Everything is different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a hapless public that doesn't accept anything that hasn't seen before.
architects can listen, and you don't leave it by architecture.
That means that the hidden pendulum of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different from today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Selecake can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn, can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what should be a stadium.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that they will produce.
That means that the buildings are used to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to do sport or for yoga.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming at the East River in New York City, and raising half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, as this little penguin pavilion -- as muscle and fibers as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no longer matters whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more well-being.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on the opposite side.
They find an architect, control and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they give it way up to smaller spaces, local libraries -- homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steller.
I just turned a year and already started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children of a year, sleeping, as if her body was moving too quickly for their legs.
It's completely accurate.
And one of the things that likes to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflex.
It's reading and clay, and it gives itself those big kisses and heads.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of their friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And he made me think, "When stopped doing this?
How are we suddenly not comfortable with our approach?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "I'm fundamentally.
This is Facebook, he's 13 years old and lives in Denem.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be wanted and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the challenge that's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Between what her mom tells him and what his friends or friends of school tell you, doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of it, and it publishes it in YouTube, and ask others to please leave a comment -- "Am I good or fear."
Well, so far, Faiza has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant that I didn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current, that receives these answers on one of the stages of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is taking them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking about, calculating me, saying, "I like it, sharing, sharing, publishing this never ends.
Never before we've been so connected, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's kind of like there's a party in its room every night.
There is simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that come from hand with that are inexpected.
This environment, of being always connected, is taking our kids to adventure based on the number of liking that they have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between a online life and the real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what's digitally manipulated and manipulated.
What's the most heartbreaking thing in someone in front of someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are covered from the news of the girls now.
Zero leather models continue to dominate our passwords.
The technology technique is now a routine.
And trends like, television, television, Beijing and Park.
For those of you who know it, it makes a consumption means promised.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people compare to.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the supermarkets of the sports stars, and the remoteliness songs.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our kids to grow healthy and be good balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects begin to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the details of class. They avoid participating in the classroom arguments, because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspects.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season if you don't think you see enough good enough if you don't think you're sufficiently skinny, you will get a lower note to the average of your fellow companions who don't worry about it.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, the United States and China.
And it is regardless of what actually weigh these young.
So to make it good of course, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is dentisting academic performance.
And it's also damaging.
The adolescents with little self-esteem do less physical activity, less fruits and vegetables, participate in more nonviolent diet than they can lead to food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and they're in greater risk risk.
And we think it's because of what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, distressed diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and a dancer damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have superconducting again, regardless of whether or they don't have greater rates of absorbing.
17 percent of women don't present to an interview of work in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
Liberty is interested for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are a lot of programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs, without realizing the situation.
So, we should make sure that the program that follow our children will not only have positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas -- the first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the gift on the issue and we are a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the current status of how women are viewed and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell us with the emergence of our politicians in the hairs of hair or the size of their chest, or to imagine that the determination or success.
We need to start judging people by what they are, not because they look like.
All of us can start by doing that by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people to go into their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when's the last time you did a mirror missing?
In summary, we need to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our kids grow up value all their own person, valuing the individuality, diversity, inclusion inequality.
We need to put people who are really making a difference in a pedestrian.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out on the big screen because we just will create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they are never revealed to be who they are, or to achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
To his wife.
To his sister.
To his son?
Is his nonviolence? Is her friend friend?
It could just be the woman who is two seats away from distance -- what would it mean for her if it was released from that self-sustainable voice in its interior, that it throws it by not having long legs, more skinny, a more small feet, small feet.
What would it mean for her if we overcome this and we would say left to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is telling us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's teach that the way you see is just one part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each one of us, the way we talk about and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small qualities of a year of age, they become agents of safe change for themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named Lake Rose went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Kanter, the leader of the League of Defense Development.
And for Allen initially declared it innocent. But being chased by other minor charges, in the company of others, began to plan attacks to about 12 icons from New York including tunnels, synapses and American nations.
Luckily, those plans frustrated by an FBI informant of the FBI.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
Later Aslad would be convicted by his participation in that attack.
Alexander Rose is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with an loving American mother, teacher teacher -- between the two did all possible for giving me a happy child.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam -- that very few, even most Muslims -- come to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there are always a little fraction of people who are terrified so terrified to their convictions that think that you have to use all possible media for everyone living like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last few weekends, he and some friends, had been going to shark training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Cartboat talent pole, not knowing our group, was visited by the FBI.
When I hit it, my father helped me holding my reflection in the shoulder, and I explained how to point the goal at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot I gave you the little orange light on the goal and to surprise all of us, especially me, all the objective trained in flames.
My uncle came back to the other and in Arabic, he said, "It was a hole.
From such a parent, such kid.
At all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction, my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a load of a load of 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking site of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and killed another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "material," which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had already moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to someone already was time to play and join another city.
As I was always the new face of the class often was material victims.
I was a secret of my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, quiet and regime, it was enough communication.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons it didn't develop social skills, to say sure -- for growing under fancy, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that they were testing my thinking was during presidential elections in 2000.
In a professional program where I participated at the Nanopatch National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the issue of youthful violence, as I had been a mathematician victim, almost every life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different processes.
One day, at the end of the convention, I found out that one of the kids who had done friendships, was Jewish, was Jewish.
It took several days to go to the light, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before, and frankly I felt very proud of having been able to sell the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was infrastructured.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens a diversity park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in developing my character.
The whole life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all the homosexuals were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I was able to see that several of them were the most comfortable and less critical people who had seen in life.
Having been accused as a child, developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat kind, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be gay, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then the Dave Shadover came.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me incredibly honest to my intolerance, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways he became my home figure at a moment where I was desperately needed.
Instead, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extreme, wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that would be in my heart forever, while it's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless dignity, and he said, "I'm tired of heard."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to maintain all that hatred inside your inside.
My real name is not Zahnavan Emm.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope someone else -- who is trying to lead to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that although I was convicted to this violent and illiberal ideology, I didn't get me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it by the victims of terrorism, and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism, talking, against those acts without sense, as I reject the actions of my father.
With this simple expose to me here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that kids don't have to follow their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there is a film that is projected in their mind.
It's an incredible multi-touch movie.
It's 3D, and it has surrounding sound of what you hear and you see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a shoulder, flavor and texture.
Find your body, your pain, your famine, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as the moments of your childhood that you project to your eyes.
And it has constantly a superconductor voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in the air.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Every one of us is conscious of.
We all have an internal movie for you, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are aware of.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we consciousness?
Why do we have these interest movies.
Why are we not just robots that process what we get to produce results without experiencing the internet film?
At this moment, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
The science, by nature, is target.
Consciousness by nature, it's subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because over the entire 20th century, I predict that vision.
Psychology studied the behavior of behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain, but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, it all started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pentral said, "Now it's the moment for science to tackle consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental constraints to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlation.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain do, and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscience.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Well it doesn't address the real central mystery of this matter, why is all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is a subjective movie success.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like television, like humanity, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical claims are all cases of emerging behaviors how temperatures work, how the hurricane works, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolize living organisms -- they're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk on, how we play chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the difficult problem, is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience doesn't really have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the self-replicating that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stood at this point.
We have a common explanation chain, great. We used this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are aware of.
On the other hand, we don't know how to embrace that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I believe that consciousness right now, it's kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate our worldview in the world, but we don't know how yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas. I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Your crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behavior of the brain, and so you study everything that you need explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reduction consciousness based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be producers.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
Physical physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental levels: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more fundamental.
On the contrary, they consider fundamentalists, and from there the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is gone.
In the 19th century I found that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts -- present, space, time, mass of Newton -- so I put the basic laws of the electronics and postulate electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation where we find the consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas of ideas, space, time, mass enough, so by logic, you have to fix the list.
The most natural thing would be to boost consciousness itself as a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
It opens up the path to manage scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
Physical physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could pass it on a spring.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can pass it on a shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we see.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called participation, "The "The Foreign for all of us, "Passage by mind, every system is aware, not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes by Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of anguish when he thinks "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roofs."
No, so no.
But the thinking is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw feeling and subjective, some primary precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would someone think about something so crazy?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to be illusion, it's much less for the people of different cultures where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
One deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and most powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to the physical process is undermining consciousness with information.
Whenever there is a process of information, there is awareness.
It processing complex information, as in a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information processing simple, simple consciousness.
So something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientists -- Gianter Tony, took this kind of theory and developed directly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called philosopher, which measures the degree of information integrated into a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of paper, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration, just like a very significant degree of consciousness -- pretty important.
But when you get to the books, microbes, particles, the fat of the fat demand.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In the theory of Tony, there will still be a different level of consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness -- high degrees of position, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that psychology can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world.
Physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
How do Stephen Hawking, where is the fire of economists.
From the panel vision the equations of physics can leave you as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically -- describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire.
In that vision, consciousness is not outside of the physical world as a kind of addiction.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, panel vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship to nature, and it can have social consequences and pretty serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that consciousness, then it should be vegetarian, so it should be vegetable.
If you're a panel and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of famine, you know.
I think that this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Army intelligence system in the movie "Britain?"
Is it consciousness?
According to the vision of the penguin information, she has a process of complicated information, integration, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get really serious ethical problems about the ethic of the developed computer systems of smart computers and the ethics of them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collaborators, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk." Right now we have a TED collective conscience, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be serious.
So this panel vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those thoughts of thinking contribute the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we're finally going to be discovered.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we only need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in victory.
I had a very normal profile, a very normal profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I was happy with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to join me for a prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very pretty, but there's an obvious problem.
She's actually not getting anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good notes -- after school, I had a low profile on my mother's row, and I spent a long time looking at the Building Sale, and "Darwin Creative."
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can consider as a achievement if we take disability out of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melbourne -- just after 20 minutes in the 11 of legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your discussion?
And I said, "What a discipline?
Well, I had been talking about the law of diplomacy for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation discussion.
When people in the wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school?
Usually in the actors of actors."
And it was so when I realized, this child had had experiences with disabled people like inspiration objects.
And we don't. And it's not guilty of the guy -- it's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our dynamics.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire.
And, in fact, I'm in this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you probably are waiting for you. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I fear you seriously decline.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that they've been lied in relation to disability.
Yeah, they've sold us the lie that disability is something Mali, A, Meyerame mass.
It's bad and living with a disability makes you extraordinary.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make any exceptions.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is invisible.
Or this one: "before I leave you, intrigued."
These are just a couple of examples, but there is a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by mouth.
You may have seen a child running with corporate fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term depressed depressed, because they are considering a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we consider the disabled.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so we can look at them and think, "Well, for very bad that it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that they've been approached by strangers wanting to express that they think I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like if I was happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is changing.
These images, those images are affecting people with disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their worries in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We got some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think.
It's not relative to our bodies.
I use the term disabled people, deliberately because I was supposed to call the social model of disability that tells us we're more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very mad with him.
I do the things that I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of its ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the ordinary.
They're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability.
So it's really fair to change them in the way we do, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration, you say it as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us extraordinary.
And, honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here spraying inspiration and you think, "Oh God, you're not sometimes inspired by anything?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn I'm more lucky than them.
I learn that it's a great idea to use a pair of barbecue pants to collect the things that fall down.  I learn the tricks of how to charge the battery on the cell phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that is exceptional.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that is lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a climb of stairs has never done it become a ramp.
Never    So smiling before a television screen will not make the subtitles for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and dragging a positive attitude to convert all those books to the bright.
It's simply not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Bush Salary, is not considered no deserve of anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the gene of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a boy of 11 degree in a high school in Melbourne is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair user user users.
disability doesn't make us exciting, but question what you think you know about it, you do it.
Thank you.
What do the reality have to do with increasing and professional football, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a non-linear golden charge?
Unfortunately, today only answer one of those questions, so please don't get apart.
When people really think about it, they think about "Minority Report, and in Tom Cross in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality is increasing changing our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step is what I wear -- the goggles Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
It will allow them to experience what is being a professional deposit in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game of play at 100 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 140 pound man chasing us, trying to tell us with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass is under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the prosthesis of NGO, because the idea of NGOs in emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Klen: Let's go.
It's horrible to be a cockroach.
A moment. Let's zoom up a little bit.
Are you ready?
Go!
Chris Klen: As you can see, it's a product of what is being a police in the football field, from the personality perspective.
They will have realized that they lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, running from the University of Washington University.
Family of field. mice. Racer 45."
Blue eight, Blue 8, we go!
Chris Klen: This is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in NSA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and Twitter -- "You can see from the angle of a family massage.
Or a robot?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Gappaines and Google Glass, how do we get to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called October Rita, which is surely a lot of you know.
The Occupy Rick has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cool failure.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain holding for his life.
So what will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, destroying from a cockroach with the arm before they run and make an analogy? What will be the experience of a fan."
When it can be Mead running down the concert, launching the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Fermi doing a self-assembly in Western" to the region?
What's your experience when you drop out of a mountain to more than 100 miles like a clapping classroom."
Maybe you increase your adult sales for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Rome.
How do we get augmented reality, R.J.
We're going to get augmented reality when the coaches and the magic and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams better?
How do we use it to make parts?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like winning. They give them money.
So here is a brief report about technology in NSA.
In 1965, the powers in Baltimore put a shot to their field march to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NSA put radio on the cards of the field mass and then in the defenses.
They had more specialists because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next play shown in front of you, in a plastic dress that you have put on. You don't have to worry about you to forget a player.
Or to memorize the strategy.
Just come out in the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parts of you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But increasing reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve the game of play.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium, having a view from the high of people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the algorithms, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know to send it.
Bad will have a overload of information.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your recently, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It's going to be also for deposits. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that the field massage.
You get the ball and you get back.
You look for an open recipient recently. Suddenly a flashlight. At the left part of your bombsight you can tell you that a defense behind you are going to attack you, normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Rio system beats you.
Let's move forward to the protection area.
Another flag tells you there's an open receptor.
You throw the ball off, but you stand down.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in its vision an area of grass that light up and can modify the race.
It's approached, grabs the balloon, running and encountered.
The public link and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality.
Are we going to use it just as bread and five, like our usual entropy?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to promote the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, being in other people's place.
We know what this technology works for the sporting lines.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show an adult how dance is their actions from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how to be presented.
How much is it worth a Harvard Hair or a Neil Detail Telescope trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science rather than translation and Karlas?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depends as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently joined me after 23 years of service at the California Pat in California.
And most of those 23 years old, I spent the southern end of the Marian County, which includes the Goldman Gate Bridge Bridge Bridge to it.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gate Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Street, engineers who had been able to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much to test suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probably."
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge.
Some people think that traveling between the two towers will take them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, such as the every single one from him freed you from all your worries and pain, and the waters that pass down underneath your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a fall of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which are prevalent of vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
The ones that don't normally fall into the Indian water, and then they drown up.
I don't think that the ones that are aware of this method of suicide realize the death marketing that they face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge.
This is where most people are going to be before they get out of life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest time, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an official to consider his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the bank.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who have been aware of suicide, but the officials too.
We have run a long way since.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officials and physicians.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when he received a call from a possible suicide subject sitting on the mountain near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I watched Jason talking to an official of the Goldman Gate Bridge officer.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, he had flown up to two times before New Jersey to try and suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
So remember the Greek mythology. He created Pandembore, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, you never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panda, and she opened the box.
He came up with players, sorrows and all kinds of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and no hope?
He stopped a few simulations, leaned on the right, and he went.
This little nice, smart guy in New Jersey just took away life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had asked it.
The collateral damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I posed these questions: What if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved out of supply.
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to speak but you need to hear.
I'll hear to understand.
Don't argue, guilty, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just be there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is: Others in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life, you've had these thinking?
Construct the person in front can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for -- despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- implemented, believe that there is nothing that you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote me this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessed that I read them.
"Hi, Kevin -- I think you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go on the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite inspired, but I noticed more moments to realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving out of Peak to San Francisco to see the name of the 49 with her father on January 19.
It never came there.
I called the Palm police and I reported it as disappeared that night.
At the next morning, two officials came to my house and reported that the car of Mike was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at 15 o'clock in the late day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before, without suffering a real mental disease."
It should not be so easy to end up with it.
My prayer are with your struggle.
The GG: The Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passenger.
Good luck this week, Victorian."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a potential suicide subject on the sidewalk of the bridge near the north north.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Beach, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I crossed immediately the railing shell, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the time and a half ago, I heard as Kevin talked about its depression and design.
Kevin decided for his account that day to go back on that lane, and give life another chance.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did you go back and give hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You listen.
I let me talk to you and just listen.
Shortly after that incident, I received a letter from the mother, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read them.
"Dear Sea Brazil, nothing will delete the events on March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was calling for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental disease for which has been correctly measured.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unaware of all those inherited traits -- but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We thank God for you.
So it certainly hurts with you, Black Berker."
And at the end she wrote, "Dad, when I visited the General Hospital from San Francisco that night, you were working as the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is a funny father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that her story will inspire others.
Sudden is not just something that I've found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather is suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing their own pain, stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about taking another person.
They just want their own pain.
Usually this is only about three things: dead, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and calls of suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason one.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final learner, he looked at me, and he said, "Ken, sorry. But I have to go."
And he jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people we get to contact on that bridge are not suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge, and lived and they can talk about it, that one one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second of those people have said that the second one would realize they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connected Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we do, is something that every single one of us should be striving for doing.
The suicide can be prevented.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you don't are, but inside your interior, you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not lonely, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had since girl.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner truth.
For complicated reasons, the ones that I will laugh later later, when I look at this picture I think, "Get it George, they got it, they came up.
But the October past, I found that I'm just starting.
All of us include our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, including our bodies.
Some of them have the value of released, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or by the beliefs of who surrounded us.
These are people who always defy the status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent included, ignore my story.
I think this enemy is called revealing revealing.
This is mine.
I was registered as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember that to my five years old in Los Philippes, in my house, I always had this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to address it.
The gender has always considered an intrinsically fact, but now we know that, really, it's more complex and more material.
Because of my success, I never approached my story, not because I thought it will be a bad thing, but why the world deals with those of us who want to liberate us.
Every day thank you to be female.
I have Mom, Dad and a family who accept me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the history.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me. This is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still dressed of man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a construction of bright beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty constituency.
He told me that if she participated she would get out of the spending spending and the veteran, and that night, he won on a bathing suit, he won in the Gaza shoe and he had third financial third between over 40 dances.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of the beauty realms.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from beauty of cheap women, but I can can.
I also met the goddess of the devices, especially when we traveled to remote prevents from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my request of the green card that I could go live to the United States.
I was resist.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm diversity.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty region.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you move to the United States you can change the name and the generation of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I would put two As.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand do the most prestigious surgery, sophisticated and safe.
At that time, in the United States, it was needed to make surgery before we changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the production license with the name of George and the Federal gender FD.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity documents means being able to drive or be able to drive a wheat, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly, my fears looked minimum.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think about this woman in Moore Network.
A young woman in New York who hardly lived his truth, but he was expanding, he made it end in his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we make a global record by the Conference Conference Day.
I'm in this stage thanks to a long history of people who fight and stood up to injustice.
These are Margaret P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just to me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that one day there is no longer volumes of 20 of November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  Katrina Shakespeare."
George Rock." Sure. You see, first, thank you all my benefits.
My stop network, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember every time I've been attending young women who have been translated, and I have heardbled, and sometimes when they called me and told me that her parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, called my mom and said, "Mom, can you call this woman."
Sometimes it worked, another one. It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
That is, everyone is assigned to the birth of birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the issue that sometimes that disability is not squated, and that there should be a space that allows people to automate, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transparent movement is starting compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
It should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Thank you. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who is known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending its rights in 2007, and when his efforts were manipulated in 2011, when he was advanced by the Nobel Prize Youth Prize, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of mankind, the history of women is the story of injustice -- of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when when you born a girl, your birth doesn't get connected.
It's not good, not for your father, not for your mother.
The neighborhood comes up, gives her conventions to mother and no one happiness to father.
And one mother is overwhelmed a lot about having a girl.
When I give birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad up.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it gets excited, and with the hope of a son, when she shined her third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother does, but the daughter -- the newly born daughter, when it grows up, it suffers too.
At age five, when I should go to school, it stays home and school adds up to his sisters.
Until the age of 12 years, somehow, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when you get 13 years old, you get it out of your house without a male adoption.
It's confined to the four walls of their home.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you transfer the code of that honor, you could even kill.
And it's interesting that this idea code of honor, not only does the life of a girl, also affecting the life of male members of family.
So this brother, sacrificed the joys of his life and happiness.
And there is a piece more of the patriarchal societies that are called an oberance.
A good girl is supposed to be very high, very humble and very subtle.
It's the crite.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet and embrace the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the old, even if he doesn't want.
If you married it with a man who doesn't like or if the married man has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a constant of designer.
If the very young house has to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it an independence.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a positional, "The care, they fight, and then it gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same loss of obesity to his daughter and the same legacy of honor to his kids.
And this vicious cycle continues and continues.
You want brothers and sisters -- when Malawi, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like my newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, me, I felt extremely honored.
And much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary freedom of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malari de Manhattan, and he called my daughter so for her.
But when I looked at it, everybody was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote, "Mala."
And when she grew up, when he was four and a half years old, he admired it in my school.
You know, you wonder, why should I mention the lady of a girl in a school?
Yeah, I have to mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies -- is a big event for life life.
It means in a school means the recognition of your identity and your name.
An admissions to school means that they've entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was involved with the Canadian view, and I was at the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the applause of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or her daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and sandwich of my daughter.
He encouraged me to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I was encouraged to go to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Mala.
I have shown all these good values in my school to girls and children alike.
I used education for empathy.
I teach my daughters, I teach students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called self-estimate.
They wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomena.
It was lethal for human rights and particularly for women's rights.
It was called talented.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use veil, and they stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls killed and the single singers killed.
They suffered millions but few of them speak, and it was scary to have around those people who kill and stop when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malawi got up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, she was offered himself for the New York Times documentary, and he talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the ninth of October 2012, they shot it in their head.
It was a pharmaceutical day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife. I should blame my wife for what happened to my daughter, to your child?"
And she said, "Please don't blame you.
It depends on the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth, by the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you joined you.
They were both on the right path and God protect it.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and had severe headaches and strong headaches because her facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that stretches down my wife's face.
But my daughter never complained it.
I used to say, "I'm fine with my story tortured and with the exchange in my face.
I'll put it right. Please don't worry.
It was a consumption for us, and it was constant.
They wanted brothers and sisters, we have learned from her how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I am pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 years.
He cried when he didn't end up his task.
She fights with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has done so audacious to Malawi so brave and expressive and excellence?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
I was operating in the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the group of Mongology, in Google, where I've had a divide to my burden -- the Google X visualization division division -- but all the work that I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work.
Having said this, there is a stigma, when you join a brain surgery.
Do you still be like smart or not?
It's not going to be so smart?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormone and neurosciences.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what it would take, from more than a dozen chemical power every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemistry, and try to get them to stay alive.
More than once I've been spared by a little bit.
But luckily, I have an experiment soul, so I decided to experiment to try and get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that I say it in dense.
I started testing with different mixes -- and I was surprised by looking at how little changes in the doses changed dramatically my own office, my sense of who I was me, my own behavior with each other.
A particularly impressive case. For a few months, I tried doses and typical chemistry for a man of version, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always funny, I thought all the time in sex -- and I believed that it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past, I've met several guys like this, or perhaps some attack versions.
It turned out as an end.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant to be anticipated.
In fact, I was trying to figure out a problem that I had in front of it, and it simply doesn't happen like that.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- when I fit those hormones and neurosciences and so forth, I was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thought, my idea of ideas.
I usually think about images, and that became my key reference point -- how do you get those mental images that I use to create protocolscale, my ideas, if you want to try new ideas and recreate situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philips like humor and Deladberg and Hongs see things in a similar way.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are the idea of this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works. To me it's simple: for most of us, mental imagery are fundamental for creative thinking and investment.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have lots of great mental monkeys, really raped, well sophisticated and well structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of their head?
There's incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to achieve this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups done in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain -- here you can see the brain scan done by Giganic Gandhs and his colleagues from Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle of the medium shows the scale of the brain of that individual as you imagined, seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by tracking the contents of the central column on the left. You see that the difference is almost normal.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing a picture and imagine seeing that same picture is almost normal.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is from Jack Galawo lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into recycled visual fields.
Let's imagine this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were digging their brains to create a huge amount of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while it was so recorded a new scale.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scale was designed to show what looked like the person was watching.
On the right you can see the computer definitions, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This blew us bored.
We're okay to do it.
We only need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you create in the brain the same map.
This was led to the brain scanning systems of greater resolution available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
We now need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do it?
There are lots of techniques to do it.
One is opening the skull and introducing electrodes to it.
I don't offer myself for that.
So many of them are proposing new projects of projection for images, including me. Talking with the recent MRI result -- first of all, we should ask ourselves, this technology will be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offer little improvements in resolution -- don't increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: rather than larger magnets, let's make better magnets do.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different rules, like making a sport.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort at MRI were to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most of the recent advances of reviewing and brilliant solutions in coding and depression, in the transparents and radio frequencies of FM radio in MRI systems.
At its time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use mass patterns that were used to the FM radio frequencies supposed.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the frequencies of Radicented Fallow, we can increase massively the information that you can extract in a single scale.
In addition, we can then divide into layers our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the MRI we should be able to measure not just the flower of organized blood flow, but the one of the hormones and neuroscience that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity. This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through the thinking?
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be free to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have few options more than opening this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk about this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have armedia.
Her armor may be telling some person for the first time that she loves or telling someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any difficult conversation that you have stuck in life.
Every artifact is a difficult conversation, and although our subjects can really vary, the experience of having lived longer, the experience of living and having come out of that closet.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Side World Cape, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of the listening of the listening of the listening of the listeners, I would quote the lyrics of the Air di France as a latrine.
And I'm going to be aware of the smell of my short pants and I had fantastic my head recently, I would ask a little kid -- I would ask a little child, "Hey, are you boy or boy?
And it appears an awkward silence.
I would get my jaw a little bit longer, I would take my coffee with a rabbit leat.
And the father would be shocked by the newspaper and the mother throws a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I wound inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, again.
"Are you a guy or a boy?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to come up with the female issues on the table.  It had the Betty Friedman dating.
The quote of Gloria Ethiopia.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues" that I would show you.
So I breathe up and down, and I looked at the look and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist drone, just a girl with a question: "Are you boy or boy?
So I would breathe up again, I got a little bit close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something confused.
I have the short hair like a child, and I saw a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink gown, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than kind of a girl in a comfortable pajamas.
And that girl looked at me literally, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pajamas.
Can you give me a painting, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the painting that I painted.
It was the easiest conversation of all of us ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the painting and I, both of us were honest one with the other.
Just as many of us, I've lived in some cabinets in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the darkness, you can't know what color the walls are.
You only know how one feels living in a closet.
It's how my closet is not different than you or you or you or you.
I will surely give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet it was harder than coming out of you, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that to explain to someone who has declared it in rock bank is harder than saying that he has been deliberating?
Who can tell me that this story that I can tell you is more difficult than saying to your age of five years to discussing?
There's no more difficult, there is only the hard thing.
We should stop classifying what is difficult to us about what difficult for someone else to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in armon, and they can make sure security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that doesn't matter what their walls are, an armor is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and a high heel shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian ready to fight any child for four years that would go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, curled in a corner of my dark architecture by putting my great gay, and the moving only muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done before.
My family, my friends, complete strangers I've spent my entire life trying not to disappoint them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't toss that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was in the wedding of my sister.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that I was gay, and when I did my dodo labor work, in my black dress and tablets, walked around the tables and finally got to one where my parents were my parents, people who met me years ago.
And after talking a minute, one of the women shouted, "I love Nathan Lankan."
And the battle of the gay relationship had begun.
"Same, ever was in the Cape."
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's famously.
"You know my statistics Antarctica?
It's very good and never talked about having non-like.
"Same, what is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program -- William and Grace Graduate.
And you know who loves us? Jack down.
Jack is our favorite.
And then a woman, disappointed but in wait to show desperately his support, to make me know that he was on my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink sharks."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all the big grandmothers.
It could be easy to indicate where they felt mentally.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were writing.
And what else can you ask someone but to work?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get.
That's how the hard conversations are still not my strong point.
Ask anyone that I came out.
But I'm better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Girl of Pans.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what you can get out of any closet is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Automatics.
Keep the armor. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for battle.
If you want someone to be generous, the other ones must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be director. Just tell you. Take your Paris.
If you know they're gay, you tell them.
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out safe wearable, apologize by what they've done but never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel disappointed, but that is not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark dark starting a gravity, you must know that we've all been there before.
And it may be very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Browne. Enjoy the cell.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Department Dick that the question of if a machine can think of as interesting as the question of whether a sub can normal."
When Edgar Dick wrote this as a criticism to computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so some years ago, I started a program to try and understand the fundamental physical mechanisms.
Let's go back a step.
First we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you are from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth nor the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can see Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that doesn't have any concept about the intelligence of the Earth, you would be compelled to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until a moment in time, the asteroids that demolish the surface of a mysterious planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took over several years ago, I analyzed a variety of themes through science, through several disciplines, which would be, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and, in particular, for development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks.
And so taking all these different themes and putting them together together, I asked, for a number of years -- there's a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different subject?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and a half to the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force -- E, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the open choices, with a TED force, with the diversity of possible accessible, yeah, even future time, so on.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to get caught.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so having to tell this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How predicting it is?
Is the level of human intelligence.
Is artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research research has suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or energy, during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what if that tension connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if smart behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but it actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called England, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system in which it meets inside.
Surprisingly, Interface could pass multiple animal intelligence evidence, play human games, and even make money trading stock, all of it without that he would have done that.
Here's some examples of Cocued in action.
Just like a foot human without falling, here we see Concrete balancing automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave Entrency a goal.
He just decided for her counterpart to balance the position.
This balancing skill will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This ability of tool use will have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling on the opposite of a string at the same time to release food, here we see that Cocued can do a version of the model of that task.
This ability of cooperation has interesting implications for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
It is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of pollutant against itself, illuminating its potential for play.
So here we see Interface to orchestrate new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the web well connected.
This same network architecture also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see Concrete organizing the routes of a balloon flower, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to extend global level from Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, Interface is widely applicable to the problems of autonomy and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously discover and execute a strategy of burning, and it comes back in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing the assets under their genetics exponentially.
This skill management skill will have broad apps in finance, and safe.
Alex Gustine," what you've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive human behaviors like tool use, walking upright and social cooperation all derive from one equation that leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
Let's go back to the beginning of the robot, the work "Refrence," there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be cyber rebellion there.
Machines get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that perhaps all these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then megawatts and they try to get out of the world.
It's all of the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control, rather than the brand.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal.
I often ask myself, how is it that looking for objective targets from this kind of mark?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence should be viewed as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a tipping point in human history, something between the conquest, and losing the planet we call home."
Although over the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge about how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The NASA Missial mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous light of stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes up with.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of the planets as well as the distance there are between them and their mother star.
In ensemble, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sun.
At its time, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this theory of potentially habitable worlds -- our own planet is building under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the most hot record.
Glass and sea ice that have been with us from millions now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused on a global scale have rapidly outperformed our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist of climate, no astronomy.
It study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, hoping to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the intrigued sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the quest of life in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better -- those of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor neighbor Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can consider a potentially livable world showing this by a mission like Kevlar.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, it's why we study so much to Mars.
Our avatars like the "Carton tracking its surface in pursuit of the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Madage mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
Private companies now offer not only sponsor flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But despite all these marine images remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers -- compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Take the expansion of the shallow areas of our planet that still remain to colonize -- really extraordinary places compared to Mars compared to Mars.
Even in the driest and driest places on Earth air is fresh and full of oxygen dominated by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other plane planets will have a big big shadow. The implications and the belief of some of some of the Mars will expect there to save us from this unique glimpse of the only planet that we know is truly livable the Earth.
And so I like international exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are many good reasons to go to Mars, but say Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the captain of the Titanic.
But the targets for international exploration, and the leadership is not contradicted.
No, they're actually faces of the same currency -- the goal to understand, preserve and enhance life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like alien pinks.
They only find them closer than home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and income areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the paradox of Fermi.
A lot of years ago, the American physicist Fermi said, considering our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of life existence so far.
Well, where are they?
Now, a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilization becomes technologically advanced enough to consider to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets made of the planets that made this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to join the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task of preserving the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I coined my own house.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pocket, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were closed.
I thought about calling a clothes, at least I had my cell phone, but in the midnight, a clock could take a long time to get there, and I made cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe at the next morning, and I was worried about my passport.
It would be expensive, but it would be sure not more expensive than a closet in a half a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was fine stop.
I'm a professor, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Correlated current that increases the heart rate, model the levels of adrenaline and the thinking.
And when I got to the factory show at the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to wonder, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in your place, that you have to have bad things happen.
Or at least, if you have bad things happen, that you minimize the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize me.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kamen, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed I told him that he broke the window, and he had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a predictive representation.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written about this a few years before, known as the primate.
They all know what the postal is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In premise, as Danish, you look forward and try to find out all the things that might go wrong, next, trying to figure out what can do to prevent things happening or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about is some things that we can do in the form of a predator.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will take a place for the things that are easily lost.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports these thesis -- based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hypothesis, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a focus on the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, that the fruit trees, where the tribes are living with the friends and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is going on in the Landers of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the random sense of the squirrel streets, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing keys from the car, reading and passports glasses.
So at home, they pick up a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For its passport, a particular drawer in particular.
For their reading glasses.
If you take a place and you're striking with it, your things will always be there when you look at them.
What about travelers?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit card cards, lead it, pass it by mail to themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or stolen, this can facilitate substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases current.
Coral is toxic and transformative thinking.
So part of the primary practice is to recognize that under stress will not be at the best time, and you need to put the systems on its site.
And there is perhaps not more stressful situations than when you face to a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved self, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is written as a protocol for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for financial decision and social decisions, any kind of decision that you need to take from a rational assessment of facts.
So we suppose they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high.
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attacks the heart, deliver brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I'd like to remember a drug that will help reduce the collaborator, a status.
And perhaps you've heard about the statues, and you know it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. Even it's likely to meet people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, remember the status.
But there is a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask for which most physicians don't want to speak, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NIH, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, the Nicologist."
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before they help a person.
And you must think what kind of distributed statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't get me something if I wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not guilty of the doctor, and if it's guilty of somebody, it's about scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanism.
But the Georgies of Ghogoland that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely renewed, which do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This according to the research of the cynical researchers Jerry Groman and Pamela Harvard, confined individually.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take medicine for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, deliver brain or another adverse event.
Now you might think, "Well, one probability in 300 to lower my cholesterol.
Why not? Doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and is, "Justine of second effects, right?
For this particular drug, the side effects occur in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things. Managed multi-marketplace and artificial pain, paralyzerblanda pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think clearly.
So you think about how you assign this over time, so you don't have to make the reason chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out by the drug that you help the drug.
I don't say they should not take the season.
I just say that they must have this conversation with their doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, is part of the indicated consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in air by the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to be quite typical.
For the surgery that the most is done in the most 50 years, the concern of prostate cancer, the number need to deal with is 49.
This is 49 surgeries for a person that has helped it.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the potential or error dysfunction, urinary engineering, recycling, fecal income inequality.
And if it's lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last one year or two.
So the idea of primate is to think before the questions that you can plant to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice for many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the time, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol, under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator. It doesn't require the digestive system, or the lineage or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to rapidly. They could be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational thinking of the rational, like Danny Kamen and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all definitely.
We're all going to fail once in the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those fails, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage or to prevent bad things happening in the first place.
Regenesing at night of snow in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a keys of the entry door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have a lot of cards that I have no order, and lots of email messages I have not read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pick, "The Island is my favorite music.
It means playing sweeping up.
If you're touching a musical instrument, you see a "Thanks.
Two pounds, even more gentle.
Four pounds, extremely soft, stock.
This is my drawing of a pole tree there, and you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of pounds can never be a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence. Very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs, the Australia, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The French language language came over the 1800s, and over the time of time, it mixed with local signs -- and it developed the language that we now know as AIDS.
So, it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I believed it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, really are in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's as if I live in a foreign country, following their rules, comfortable, behaviors and standards without them.
So how do I understand sound sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my ants and amplify sound.
Learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to.
So I've learned, for example.
"Never attached the door."
"You don't do a lot of noise when you eat your potato favorites.
"You don't errors, and when you're eating, you make sure you don't grab the covers on the plate."
This is all called sound "TV."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm a superconducting self-controlled.
And I'm always waiting with nervous nervous, about which it's going to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide.
TBP: I will continue.
BB: To announce up.
You can see that the philosopher has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle boundaries and stored.
In the deaf, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "Philosopher.
A typical philosopher has five lines.
However, for me, I will do the self with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I only have four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, he had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and different galleries of different galleries and while I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now, sound has come into my art land.
Is I going to distance myself more from art.
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything they had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and depressed it.
I started to create a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was alien -- it was something of a heart person.
And sound is so powerful that it could be able to retire me and my artistic work, or I could empower me.
I chose to get worse.
There's a massive culture around the language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me with the same and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of Australian.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when they borrowed their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I don't continue to continue this practice, I feel that I could go into the forgotten and not have any social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Australia.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express it fully on paper.
And the same thing can say from a concept in Australia.
The two are very space and highly modulated what it means that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning of signals and sound.
I'd like to share you a metaphor of the piano, so that you understand better how the Australian works.
So, imagine a piano.
The AIDS is divided in many different grammatical parameters.
If you take a different paradigm for every finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, your body movement -- the speed, the shape of your hand and the English is a linear language, as if you put a keyboard at a time.
However, the AIDS is more like an accountable, you need the 10 fingers simultaneously, to express a clear concept or idea in Australian.
If only a keyboard would change the record, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and Tim and volume.
In Australia, by using these different grammatical parameters, you can express different ideas.
So for example, the word "size in that."
This is the simulated sign.
I'm seeing you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was hooked.
Oh.
What are you looking for?
Oh, so fairly."
So I got to think, and if I look at Australian through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "dark," the sun comes out and put it up.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, you visually see as a musical piece.
All day.
I feel the same thing can say from all night.
"All night.
This is all night in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights, "American, "In the night."  All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AIDS and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hero. It's a hand, two hospits. It's two hands closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, Country and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "There was one time.
Common time, it's a musical term with a specific rhythm of four times by company.
However, when I see the word "many, I think automatically at the same time.
See DD: right hand, Mine: left.
We have the philosopher through the head and the chest.
(Music: MI, favor floor "The Common, My God, Garbane Florida, I'm going to teach you a form of your hand called "The Flage "That's flatcher.
Can you do it with me?
All with their hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head as the chest.
Yeah, very good.
That means it will be in the international system.
The international system is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second thing I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "colonized, in Australian.
Now, third, please get me again.
And again.
It's "Light in the Australian.
We're going to do the three together.
"To say, "Colony and "light?
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. Everybody happens in your head and chest -- but they transmit very different meanings, too.
It's incredible to see how the Australian is alive and prosperous, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very newly normal world.
And only because the Australian has no sound, it automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to start questioning what social value defines and allowing the ASHA to develop their own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And perhaps people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Aslandic -- not that you have to hear to learn music.
The AIDS is a rich test, and I would like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Deney Karladov." Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can do it everything, but then you have to clean it.
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence, or a bubble of ignorance I should say, because adults lie us to protect us from the horrible truth.
As I get older, I found that adults also experience and that they're not really good at cleaning each other.
Last time I am an adult and teaching town and invention at the Harry Kong school.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students when I walk around the beach with a lot of garbage.
So as a good citizens, we cleaned up the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you are, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of creepy.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big burden and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge buttons.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years old, we dream to invent a better way.
We have transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We start building this mass of work with altered work so that the very low kids can also participate too.
And I'm going to tell you, children who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we expect it to work.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic pieces just collecting information.
Through the use of a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- kids are excited about the robots.
Then we quickly created what we call a prototype."
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended up before lunch.
And we transform lamps and web cameras in access and we put it into a floating robot that will move slowly by the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating through the sensor while the computer on board will process this picture and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventory called "The "Expectations, with the hope that someone else even more.
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and pump, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they come up with the Internet, and they ran with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill, only using the hands, in Sandonia, the largest mangrove of the world in Bangladesh.
They were really surprised because this is the water that you drink -- it's the water that you go, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can also see that the water is brown and the mud and oil are also from brown color and when everything comes wrong, it's very difficult to see what is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We build a very first prototype of a spectrum that can balance through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We expanded this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other kids.
I can investigate a problem at a distance, and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe I could tackle a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastated earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they took several giant waves called technologies, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima, a nuclear central central to water.
And today, according to reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has police points for 175.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it makes sure -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Fukushima every year from accident and researching independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we didn't take them out, parents didn't allow it.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different mass.
It could seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did that because they are going to have to live with radio all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day, and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the iteration, etc.
And to do this, we created a regime of the region of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigment to represent real-time data from radiation, and we traveled water to simulate rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the government system and deployed in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this organized civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to five miles from the nuclear central -- and with the help of fisheries in the area, we were collecting sediments from sea milk with a season tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression. We have gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrated because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood -- metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of psychology, basically, can be built almost out there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children dreams can actually become the aid of adults, and where adults can be kids again.
Students: Agency. Accord.
Censor March: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the elderly population movement transforming their standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles.
Plastic and oil and radiation are terrible legacy but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies.
We can't afford to protect kids in the real real truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientists, scientists, colleagues, we have to prepare the next generation to worry about environment and people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cells, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organism.
One is impose about the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michelangelo Angeles said that when he looked at the marketing in burned, he saw a figure that he fought for being free.
The film was unique by Michelangelo.
But living beings are not concert.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information out for every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by the rigor of manufacturing and production in mass.
The assembly lines have been dictated by a world made out of parts, including the imagination.
But you don't find ambiguity materials in nature.
Think about the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin are thin disabled pore.
The skin skin are more thick with little paints.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts, no amplified.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the fifth and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, in its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, getting away from the amazing and moving into growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why couldn't it be possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they carry four discipline that offers access to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools across scale, of large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old scope with a very far version of the disease that some day is not very far to print entire buildings, and graphics to nodes made by genetically engineered microfinance.
Here we have reinvented the climbing, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each authority is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a falling factory, this was for a fashion set from Paris with Streets -- they go Homo -- it's like a second skin made of a single piece, risky in the containers, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D Strings printing collaborator, we printed this layer and falling 3D without colors between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the 20 microns resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C.
That designers have access to this high resolution, and the synthetic instruments allow us to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We also designed a acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable and also that it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this informal surface, it becomes sustainable.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in right and opportunity and color, corresponds to the pressure points in the human body.
Her surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not by addition to another material or another amazing, but variation continually and dramatically material property.
But is it the ideal nature.
Are there no parts in nature?
I didn't grow up in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came up with me and came to define a lot of what matters me.
Like she related -- "In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fresh frame of frustrated."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between tree, branches and leaves and fruits and fruits and fruits there.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made the trees grow trees with branches, cortex, shoes and flowers.
The land created a world made by parts.
I often wonder, "What would design be if objects were made of one piece of piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creativity?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruits, and we found it.
The second more abundant bipolar on the planet is called tape, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, schools and butterflies, seals.
We thought that if we could synthesize their own properties, we could generate multi-marketplace structures in a single piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marriage.  We asked a lot of charts of shrimp, the males and we produced tax cake.
And the chemical concentrations have been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, smooth, transparency.
In order to print the large-scale structures, a system built a system with multiple strangers of extraordinary controlled extraordinary.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material made by a single 3.5 meters long, 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photographic microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet 350 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we are integrating the bacteria genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of care without a mesh of care, and if you extend even more, to windows.
A fresh tree loads of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made out of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed for biodiversity, put in the sea, feed marine life, and put in the ground, help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for the international travel.
To do that, we should dominate the bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own table of items, new forms of life automatically engineered and augmented in a biological way.
I like to think about synthetic biology as liquid alchemy -- just that instead of violating precious metals are synthesized new biological officials inside very small channels.
This field is called mechanics.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microbes.
The first is the banality.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater of fresh water.
And the second, E. collapse, the bacteria that lies in the human intestine.
You turn light into sugar, the other consumed sugar and produce useful biofuels for the building environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never meet.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothing.
Think about it as an evolution, not by natural selection, but for design.
To contain these relationships, we have created a only channel that looks at the digestive act, which will help them flow these bacteria and to alter their function on the road.
So we begin to grow those channels in the human body, variation properties of material to the functionality.
If we wanted more photographers, we had more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system when it would stretch from one end to another, it took 60 feet.
This is half of the length of a football field and 10 times more than our thin intestine in it.
And here it is, as a privacy at TED, our first professional photograph, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said, "We are creatures past, only half is done."
What if design will provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
And if we could create personal microbes that climb our skin, repair the damaged tissue.
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do it.
It's growing. A sound with sophistication.
This worm of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it's metabolized.
The nonviolent manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combination not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentration.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers together.
And this happens through scale.
The silk worm first is put in the environment, creates a technology structure, and then starts a toilet of compression.
Tendency and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet on the head of a silk worm to the ice.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the seated worm shell.
However, when we put silk worm in a flat park, not within a box, we realized that he hit a flat cocoon and still metaphorically metaphorically metaphorically metabolized.
So we started designing different environments, different planes, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the cocoon structure, is directly transmitted by the environment.
They often get the silk worms up to death inside their caps, their silk separates and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape the raw silk without heading a single capital.
They were metabolic metabolic, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a silk robot making silk, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms made more dark and cold areas -- so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or authors, to block the rays of light and heat and distributed the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the origins.
We asked 5,000 silk worms to a online silk farm.
And after we feed them four weeks, they were prepared to hide with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and as they were hitting, they were stopped, they put eggs down, and life begins again, like us, but much, much lower.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
At the biological silk on the block stores, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in little over two or three weeks, 5,000 silk worms will fall 65,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The police, after the core, produces 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk silk through a robotic arm, the other one filled empty.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new era of design, a new era of creation, that it takes us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands from us, for the first time, for us to charge nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be a low?
If you had to remember what age they had when they first asked them for the first time, this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you want to be a lower?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be a low?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English and the killing and the art and developed websites, too, played the guitar.
Maybe you've heard of us.
And generally I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of boredom, this feeling of it, this is no longer a challenge, it comes back.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive on it, and I let me absorb and I feel "I have found my mine." And then again, this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I would like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to convert all this in a career.
I thought I had to pick up one thing, to deny all my other passions, and to drive me to break up.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there would be something wrong with this, and something bad for me not to define anything.
I worried about being afraid of engagement, or being dispersed, or argumentality or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to have asked you so on.
Ask themselves, where they learned how to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned about culture.
We are wondering first "What do you want to be a low?
We're about five years old.
And the truth is that no one cares what you answer to that age.
It's considered an naive question to cause cute answers in kids like, "Be a same astronomer, or be dancer, or "I want to be a paradigm."
You're going to get the Holocaust desert here.
So this question is done again and again as we grow up in different forms, and I went -- and -- to high school students ask them to pick up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a low?
It turns out of being the cute exercise of before the dream takes us.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, although you have a well-intentioned adults you probably laugh and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be craftsmen of violent and psychology.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Children --  and he is artistic of violent and psychologist.
And this Amy Nino, the editor of magazines transformed into illumination, business, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
Everything you hear is they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The nest life notion is very impossible in our culture.
It's this idea of the destination or the true vote, the idea that each of us has something that we will spend during their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is, and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different subjects that wake up their curiosity and many different things who want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multinally.
A multi-marketplace is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a mountain for that.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple potential, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that make the same idea, as a stream, repeat.
And during the age of Renander, the ideal was who was fine in multiple disciplines.
Barack Shah refers to us as scenarios."
Use any term you like or invent yourself.
It seems to me as a kind of adaptation to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multitasking as limitation or collaboration that you should sell.
But what I've learned talking about with people and writing about these ideas in my website, is that there are huge strengths in this way.
Here are three multi-marketplace superheroes.
One, ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in interaction.
Sharon Hindy and Rachel Bio expressed their shared interests in cartoonist, and data, travel, mathematics and design, to the Mediateline.
Meter is a company that creates geographically inspired jewels geologically.
Sam and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And multinational, with all their background, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested by something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're wired to be primitive, because they've been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so rarely we start from zero.
North Duney is a full-time journey and written independent.
As a perfect child perfect an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism.
Before I became a writer, Norway was financial planners.
He had to learn the most fine window mechanics when he started his practice, and this ability to help write compelling launches for editors for the editors.
It's rarely a waste of time to dedicate what you can attract you, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. It's the ability to transform anything that is needed in a given situation.
Abe Carlo is sometimes director of videos -- other people, the web designer -- sometimes consultant of Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes, apparently. James Bond sometimes.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles depending on the needs of his clients.
Fast Comether Company defines adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to argue to satisfy the market needs of the market, the ones that really thrive.
Ideas of ideas, fast learning and adaptability -- three skills where the multinational are very largely, and three skills that could be lost if they're intended to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest in managing the molecules to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multidic right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they're in their heart, specialized.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed from a specialists and a sleeping multinational.
Special can dive in depth and put in practice ideas, and the multinational provides a breadth of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that will deal with how we are connected.
And, unfortunately, to the crowds in large parts are encouraging them to simply be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there is one thing that you take from this talk, I hope it is this: I recognize with the internal cord, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, special for all media.
That's where you do the best of you.
But for the molecules in the room, including those that you just realized of being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, I remember with your many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbit coats.
They explore the intersections.
And embracing our internal wire leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multinational, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman named August took it to a psychiatric in Francisco.
I used to decept and couldn't even remember the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alexanders.
Alexands didn't know how to help Austria, but I was sailing for her, until unfortunately, passed in 1960.
After his death, Alexands did an authority and found weird plates and elements in the Australian brain, from a guy who had never seen before.
Even surprising.
If Australia had lived today, we couldn't give it more aid than Alexands gave 14 years ago.
Alexanders was Dr. Alexanders Alabama.
And Allendo Detergent, the first patient in receiving a diagnosis we now call Alzheimer's.
Since 1991, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, a lot of treatments for cancer, avatars for HIV, statistics for the craftsmen and much more.
But it's a little bit progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think about it all the time.
The Alzheimer's now affects 40 million worldwide.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or be dear with Alzheimer's.
In America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimers disease.
Today is the most expensive disease -- and their cost promises a five times in 2050, as the generation of the baby boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the largest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only thing that cannot be predicted, cure or even random their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the investigation of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's research despite the fact that it costs us more about Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should be, Allevia is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 11 years, everybody, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's.
We think that going to be healthy in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy aging brain, compared to the patient of Alzheimer's patients to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to described a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage of the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduces the life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plants and strangers in the Austrian brain.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper that folds up as an origami.
There are places in the role that are perceed.
And when it folds right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules paste each other, forming groups that can form big plates and elements.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identify of what happens to block is complex, how to defuse a bomb.
And cutting a cable could do anything.
Contradict each other can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that block, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the cables and expected the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, CEOs, chemistry, engineers, engineers and math.
And together, we have managed to identify a critical step in the process -- it's now testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened when we tried these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms -- and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that fit each other inside them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 14 years of hope, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow up that hope, to sell Alzheimer's.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we tried, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have lived more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators industry.
That was essential to move forward to HIV treatment in the late 80s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved beings and night, are often too delivered to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alpha is not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Augustment, who cannot create the change they need for themselves.
They help speak for them, and they help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column in January this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing myself one night of the past summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are running to make 36 more questions, and then they both look at eyes without speaking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28 -- when's the last time you cried to another person?
And just just alone?
As you move forward, these are getting more personal.
Number 30 -- this really like -- tell your partner what you get out of him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail actually called me the attention, the champion that two of the participants had married six months later, and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had a chance to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell in love, and  and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the London column a few months later.
That was published in January -- and now it's already selfish, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, are they still still now?
And the reason I think you care about this is because they've done me already this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And from this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had led to writing about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can reach a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my friends from Facebook and imagining that my article in the New York Times will probably reach a few thousands of views.
And that covers a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, he had no idea.
The article published online, a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had already called me the Sun Shadoved and the Voyager Mondrandko America.
In a month, the article received over eight million hits, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with a synchrony about their own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news --  -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or writing, what they did every day for weeks, always, did they first ask the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I did a quick search on the mailbox.
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and they asked me.
I even gave a talk, and a woman raised up to the stage, "Hey Mandela where is your non-like, a whole?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I was not prepared for the convention of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have made life in their own.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for St. Valley, who included the experiences of readers when we tested the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse for all this attention was to be very researched with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both made a public appearance together.
He took television interviews, and they took the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid of becoming the infinite icons.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or whether it was able to produce loss love, not just an adventure, but real love, loss love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel capable of response.
My relationship had just a few months old, and I felt, above all, that people were asking the wrong question.
How do we know if we were going to go together or not, and also to tell it?
If the answer was not, do the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Randad wrote first about these questions in this study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for it to promote interpersonal growth between college students, using what Randant called as a sustainable personal approach, progress and recognition.
It sounds romantic sound, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer after doing it. A variety of government studies also used the Amazon Fast protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between police members and community, and they've used it between people of opposing political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried the past summer, who made personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little bit of liberal arts university, and then a student approached me and told me with symbolish, I tried the study and didn't work.
He looked down for it.
And I said, "Do you mean that you fell in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she only wants us to be friends.
I said, "But they became better friends?
Do you feel that you were able to know better after testing the study?
The assignment.
So, work, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, what I was supposed to pretty much my entire life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I flew in science.
I did all I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow be able to vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just researched for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was running with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and used as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more trust to demonstrate what I see.
But I can also see myself more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than that they reasonably can demand me to me.
What I find from love is a guardian, not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but it will continue to be loved endlessly by the person I love.
It may be that this is the garage that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there can be an aircraft to fall in.
There can be a way for some way to mitigate something about implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because in love it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask, are they still together?
And his content with an answer to yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who I deserve to love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distribute?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably takes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your mate?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, it's this one: a year ago, a met and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we fell in love, still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But in love is not the same thing to stay in love.
Love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We stay in love, because we take the choice to be.
And I got a little bit like a little bit of reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I didn't consider everything that was supposed that choice.
Not to consider how many times we have both to make that decision, and how many times will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in America.
But what I've done instead is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really think about.
And what I look for, and what perhaps spending my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the final happy ending in the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I didn't really write for.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of a lower legacy and in a way I got a geometry of the forest.
in New York City does a long time ago,  -- something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start when I was eight years old.
He took a wooden box, and he buried a trillion dollars, a feather and a tone in her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought some strange humanity or aliens would find this box about 500 years later, and they would learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out and do surface and all those weird things -- and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I took all the pages and I made a kind of classical cells at the Algerian Marine style -- the reduction covered and a bee had caught up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resins in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow, it seemed like it was increasing as if you were looking at the text with a magnifying thing.
So I did? Build more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, weird bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow translated, draw the same as you do around a card on the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own specialists of speeds.
First of all, buttons, what you can do is an idea.
Then I did a few weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the red layer.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was winning some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Silver.
It was great, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form, scales of natural size.
It was great, except for one thing: I'm dead.
I didn't know what to do, because the endurance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass sheets, similar to the drawing in a window and then on another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using residency.
So I did this for years, and my work I was blamed with something very big that I call "Trianger."
For the Tachboard, I was largely inspired in "The Garden of Delo Forests, which is a painting at the museum of the meadow in Spain.
You know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the Triade. I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this kind of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where the creatures with the heads of animals are headed to the favorite, ready to suicide in mass running in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god strapped to a seal.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horndon -- "The Harvey Peter platform, Walennel. Who is the refuge of Osama Bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of mammalia.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it spits oil in one hand while the other hand comes out of clouds.
Your hands are like balances and it looks like a microbes that keep the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's a statement of the Trianger.
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I explained.
And then when you go on the other side, it has a team, like a little bird, and you spit clouds from this team.
It also has a 50-year-old tail of a snake tail that joins the Trianger.
But anyway, his tail makes a fire when they put a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a balloon colony made from terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards from the terrorists.
You're very willing to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called Philippes.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a archive of our culture, through media and material are concentrated or dictionaries or magazines, organizations.
But every single act as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12.
They're like cells, they go together, they split.
And you can walk between them. It's taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest. You can get the entrance up.
I will admit you for the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and you cover the penis or not, or whatever it is, sort of an analogical thing.
It's a quick refresher of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body that's been killed by half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and enter this strange statue head.
There is a little forest scene inside the ribcage, the tornal care.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Perrailer World.
Within this box there is a physical, a neuroscience, a painter, a musician, a radio, a radio shirt, a museum, a school, an editorial arm, which spreads all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We are afraid of the box and all the people inside each other with each other as particles.
And I think that's how to change the world.
When you redefine who's and the box that it's living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made out of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sweetness and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do?
They take a seated.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the bowels and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and indigning system so that any source medication effect in the body.
The device, though, is that when you bring it any medications to it.
And this is a big problem, especially in HIV patients.
When you take antiretroviral drugs -- these are to decrease the amount of virus in the blood, and increase the DNA cells.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative because in the time that they take to the current bloodstream -- they dilate, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destiny, which is where it's more important, in the HIV Desert.
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is increased and it doesn't easily enter the blood land of the patients who are subjected to regular terrorist drugs.
However, after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of the HIV treatment with current drugs that is a treatment for life running by the world.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the diversity of the virus, without the risk of the discussion?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in technology, for the care of wounds and diabetes, you can use for anything imaginable -- including the intrinsic transport of medicine.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce medicine.
The best thing is, how is that possible?
We send a little laser and high-powered laser on the cell membrane in HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in question of microbes.
Before you even realize it, the hole is reproduced immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask questions.
Well, the answer is, through a team of three head.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incision in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the site of infection, while the laser is used again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot about time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total HIV eradication of the body.
Yes. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all researchers from HIV, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed armed groups, armed organizations such as terrorists, intensely or intensely intensely military.
It documents what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand these greenhouse agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to non-violent conflict.
I do field work, in the world of politics and library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a spike between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between the states and actors not government.
For example, from the 225 peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011, 16th were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we even have to engage them or defeat them in any solving process of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the non-linear policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Hebrew Lineran, known by its violent cooling against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Hebrew has also established a political game, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestinian known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza Francis since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting up.
They're multidel.
They have a complex machinery of communication, radio stations, TV stations, Internet website and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the ISA magazine, in English and published to recruit it.
And armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fundraising formalizent, but by regenerating businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
And armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they have a professional training program or microscope.
Hebrey offers all these services and more.
And the armed groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't go, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ripped by the war or even the beginning of the ISIS rise -- can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an intrinsically elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 from the Palestinian Hamas cannot understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we analyzed armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow up because they fill gaps left by the government, and they come up as armed groups and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more sophisticated and sophisticated these organizations, less we can categorize them as something against a state.
How do you call a group like Hebrew?
They dominate part of a territory -- they manage all their functions, collect the trash, manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a regulation group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISA: What is IDEA."
The lines deliver.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids and the weaker the states, as in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in non-linear tools.
To fill that governance vacuum has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and connect peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives to offer violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and actors, military power can win some battles, but we will not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill up that security vacuum to fill that governance empty that allowed these groups to thrive at a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a female.
My opinions about gender equality are selling, but I fear that accepting the label of feminists, would be unfair for feminists.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I was charged as a bad feminist female.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Female, and then in the interviews, people began to call me the Family Man.
So what started as a personal joke ravaged to myself and a deliberate cause, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about the feminist, these furry women, angry with men, and they hated sex as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using the people in the instinct that could be phenomenal.
Being tagged as a feminist was an accusation. A word taboo and depressing.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which begs too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
No one wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Eventually, as I grew up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud of it.
For me, certain claims are remotely, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same back for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, free or violence.
We have the right to use easy and affordable, the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislation or electric doctrines or doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There are more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you need to be aware of our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social conditions, skills and much more.
We need to have in account these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a mess.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of me.
I have another confession.
When I lead to work, I heard rap music stopped every volume.
Even though the letter degrades women and I really offended myself, the classic Sam Shakespeare of the Ayn yang Toda is incredible.
Make it reality with your loved t-shirt.
Perm, day, move until you get the concert.
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely dealing with my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the care of junk and the care of massage and manufacturer.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
Rose is my favorite color.
It enjoys fashion magazines, and beautiful things.
I can see "The Balkan, and the romantic comedy comedy families, and I have absorbed fantasies of the fairy fairy tales that do reality.
Some of my fortunes are more destroyed.
If a woman wants to adopt the applause of his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their kids, accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose from.
Let's solve this problem.
I reject conventional feminism that has ignored or swept the needs of color women and workers and humans and transgendered women, and the women favor of white women -- heat and high kinds.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad feminist female.
It also happens the following: As a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put fans in a pedestrian.
We hope that they will respond to perfection.
When we were disappointed, we rotate them with a lot from the same journalist where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I already consider that pedestrian before they tried to put me there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid of being labeled as female.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a female, for fear of what that tag means, for fear of not being able to fulfill with little responsibilities.
Take Beltmentato, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declined feminist female.
In the Muslim Museum of 2011, on MTV -- in front of the word finance, three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star to embrace the feminism and make the women know the women and the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
I spent time, cultural critics began interesting debate if Beijing was or not precisely feminist.
They rank their feminism, rather than just to believe the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so damned so much.
We're going a lot beyond the constant and constructive criticism to design the feminism of any woman -- wreck it until it doesn't have anything.
We don't need to do that.
The evil female, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of particular.
But what happens next?
We go from recognizing our impacts to realize about the action and being a little bit more brave.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing limitless supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs, until we boil the change affecting their profit.
No doubt is hard.
Why does their music have to be so perceiving?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions justify this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think about my niece, three and four years.
They're two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant girls, and also very brave.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think about them, suddenly, the best option is violent as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as sport as the God of Treating.
We can change radio emissions when we heard songs that treat women as nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema on another part when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as a boat skin.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to post in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a decent number of women, so much to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your release, or your organization is more inclusive, with a wider range of people.
Those of us who are supporting but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny ourselves to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making sites.
Since we are not too much present. Without these efforts, without adopting these positions -- our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of value and hope that our decisions come to the top, to people in the direct power and film producers and music, CEO, the legislators who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and significant change.
We can also claim our feminism, well, bad, or any one talking about.
The last line of my book "Madage Female, says, "Present will be a bad feminist not to be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, above all, because I had my voice stolen, and the feminism helped me get it out.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids folded me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if anything.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with that I went back to writing.
I remembered myself in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also found that if it was a little bit brave, another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I support the humiliation that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit brave, when you need such a value.
Just after Christmas last year, 123 children in California, they had a measles for having visited Disneyland.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infecting more than 100 children in Queen.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this from more than half a century -- but many of the kids involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something allegedly worse, autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that unleashed the politics about autism and delicious vaccines and delicious and marked by being a fragmented fraction by the British Medical Journal, Journal.
Doesn't most smart scientists believe that vaccines cause autism is a student?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines are going to be in danger for their kids to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
And the few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about it believed to develop all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000 thousand children per 10,000 thousand.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers began to shoot off.
Funding organizations as Australian Spanish are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if I could match another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the Center of Disease Disease Center what is going on, they tend to be based on phrases like the expensive diagnostic criteria and a better case detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of the fears of a young mother looking at the face of his two year-old son -- visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow and card of science that with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, physicians told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate history of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist Leo Kansa, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1947, Kansas published an article that described 11 young patients who looked like to inhabit private worlds -- according to people around them, including their own parents.
They could fun for hours by waving their hands before their faces, but they were prey from panic by memories like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing it.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the topic, declared that he had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome while he collected reference from places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Christians in Kenya for the diagnosis diagnosis were very really relative.
For example, I was willing to give that diagnosis to kids, but now we know that epilepsy, epidemic is very common in autism.
Once he had turned up to nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to her consumption for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzin was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certainty.
It classified autism as a form of child physics caused by cold parents and forests.
These kids, he said, have kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that were clustering in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they turned the two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Beardboven" said, "Beardboven" said.
But Kanzin had a bad opinion of these skills, stating things like children were simply regurgitating what they had heard of their parents -- they desperate for winning their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Surprisingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers began to test the Kansas theory that autism was weird.
Long Window, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the mother of mothers would be pretty stupid.
She and her husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Sushi.
London and John knew how difficult it was to raise a child like Sushi without sustainable education, and without any access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend before the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic kids and family, Lebanon, and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a research study in the general population.
They painted a suburb of London called Serand to try and find the kids autistic in the community.
What you saw left left that the Kansas model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and more fun.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were stored in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or the genealogy of reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in beautiful and injured squares. As Judy said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the Manhattan monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have stayed away from these kids before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1994, the next year to the Kandy article, and then forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he was able to deliberately lie in her own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Lord spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Aspenth, who ran a clinic integrated with an integrated school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for teaching children with learning differences were progressive to even contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with the kinds of experiments with music, and kids followed their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, aspiration described as a political disability for life that required compassionate support forms and spaces adapted during the course of life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Aspent called them their little teachers, and he decided to help the development of methods of education that were particularly suitable for them.
It was fundamentally Asperger saw autism as a different diverse who would have an amazing variety of gods and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in armor known in pop culture as successful social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a price of autism is essential.
London and Judith found that Kanzi was wrong that autism was fun, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked silently with the American Association Association to expand the diagnosis of the diagnosis to reflect the diversity of what they called autonomous spectrum.
At the end of the 1980s and early '90s, their changes went into vagina, supporting the limited model of Kenya by a broad and inclusive self-assembly.
These changes didn't fall in broken sandwich.
And coincidentally when Lebanon and Judy worked between the rates to reform these cities, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before Ray Man came out, in 1988, only a little circle, she knew what the autism, but after the endless act of Dusty Hawking as Ramaja Babbage and Rando Man, with four awards from the Academy -- pedestrians, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use autism.
He didn't have a connection with that little experiment of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his child.
Ray Man, the changes in the criteria, and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnoses began to rise, just like Portle and Judy predicted that it was going to be able to get people with autism, and their families finally got the support and the services they were deserved.
So Andrew Walennel came to blame vaccines for increase in diagnosis, a simple, powerful and critical story as bad as the Kansas theory that autism was fun.
If the current estimates of the prevention center that one in 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic is one of the largest mineral groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzle for solving by new medical advances to the term neurons to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, biologically social, and it suffers from a deficit deficit to detail.
However, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Aspent, which believed that the cure for the most underpinnated aspects of autism are in understanding of teachers -- employees with ability, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Google Zambian once said, "We need all the hands in covered to straighten the boat of humanity."
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to afford no brain.
Thank you.
